09th December, 2021
The Secretary Listing Department
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051
BSE Code: 500645 NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Sub: Intimation of Press Release issued by Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the
Company
Please find enclosed a Press Release issued by Smartchem Technologies Limited, wholly
owned Subsidiary of the Company.
This is for your information.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Deepak Fertilisers
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Ritesh Chaudhry
Company Secretary
Encl: as above.

`
Smartchem Technologies Limited to invest Rs. 2200 crore in its Global Scale
Technical Ammonium Nitrate Plant in Gopalpur, Odisha, performs ground-
breaking ceremony
- Foundation Stone of the plant laid by Honourable Chief Minister of Odisha, Mr.
Naveen Patnaik
- STL to invest approximately Rs 2,200 crore in the upcoming project
- The project to provide employment to 1,500 people during project phase and 325
people during the operation phase
- Contributing more than Rs. 4500 Crores towards Import Substitution in 10 years
Gopalpur, December 9, 2021: Smartchem Technologies Limited (STL), a 100% subsidiary of Deepak
Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited (DFPCL), a trusted chemicals and fertiliser
manufacturer in India, performs ground-breaking ceremony and foundation stone laying of its
Technical Ammonium Nitrate (TAN) complex at Gopalpur Industrial Park on 9th December 2021.
Honourable Chief Minister of Odisha, Shri Naveen Patnaik laid the foundation of the project in
presence of Chairman & Managing Director of Smartchem Technologies Limited, Mr. Sailesh Mehta,
and Mr. Dibya Shankar Mishra, Minister of Energy; Industries; Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises.
The project at Tata Steel Industrial Park, Gopalpur is being built with an investment of Rs 2,200 crore
and will have a capacity of 377 KTPA. The plant has the best-in-class technology from Casale, that will
ensure that it is the safest plant with lowest possible emission. The project is expected to be
completed by August 2024, 50% of the engineering work is already completed and the piling work will
begin from January 2022. It is strategically located near the major mining hubs and the Gopalpur port
to capture domestic demands and tap into export opportunities.
Technical Ammonium Nitrate, being an international commodity, this project will put Odisha on the
map for international recognition. On project completion and commencement, Odisha will become a
key source of TAN to the entire Eastern Belt where majority of Mining and Infrastructure growth is
foreseen in future. It will generate employment for 1,500 people during the project phase and 325
people during the operation phase. It also holds the possibility of attracting investment in ancillary
units like explosive manufacturers, manufacturers of LDPE/HDPE bags and liners, among others. It is
part of DFPCL’s initiative to be closer to the end user and add maximum value to them, by being a
solution provider and reduce the supply deficit and reduce the resultant import substitution of more
than Rs. 4500 crores.
Additionally, the project will contribute Rs 3,000 crore in GST and Rs 1,100 crore in Income Tax to the
exchequer over 10 years. It ensures maximum recycle and reuse of effluents and use of freshwater is
optimized. The emission and discharge from the plant will be one of the lowest and it features
advanced NOx/N2O abatement technologies. The plant is expected to generate 4.5 MW power from
the waste heat steam.
Smartchem Technologies Limited, Chairman & Managing Director Mr. Sailesh Mehta, said, “STL is
partnering Odisha to support growth in the Mining & Infrastructure Sector and this complex is the first
step to accomplish our ten-year-old dream to expand operations in the Eastern Region and come
closer to our end users. Technical Ammonium Nitrate is a very important raw material that will fuel
the infrastructure, economy, and development of the nation. We are looking forward to reducing our

`
dependence on imports and the Gopalpur Industrial Park’s strategic location may help us do that very
quicky in the near future. Tata SEZL can attract ancillary units and become a hub for development”
The welcome address for the event was delivered by Mr. Hemant Sharma, Principal Secretary,
Industries department. Mr Chandra Sekhar Sahu, Hon’ble MP, Berhampur and Mr Dibya Shankar
Mishra, Hon’ble Minister Industries, Energy & MS&ME have also addressed the gathering. The vote of
thanks was rendered by Mr. Vijay Amruta Kulange, Collector and District Magistrate, Ganjam.
About STL:
Smartchem Technologies Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
(DFPCL), among India’s leading producers of fertilisers and industrial chemicals. Set up in 1979 as an Ammonia manufacturer,
DFPCL today is a publicly listed, multi-product Indian conglomerate, with a product portfolio spanning industrial chemicals,
bulk and specialty fertilisers, farming diagnostics and solutions, technical ammonium nitrate and value added real estate.
The Company has manufacturing facilities in Taloja – Maharashtra, Srikakulam – Andhra Pradesh, Panipat – Haryana and
Dahej – Gujarat.