PEARL GL5BAL
""'"'
Exceeding Expectations ... Always
PGIL/SE/2022-23/08
Date: April 22, 2022
THE GENERAL MANAGER, THE GENERAL MANAGER,
DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATE SERVICES -CRD LISTING DEPARTMENT
BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD.
1sr FLOOR, NEW TRADING RING "EXCHANGE PLAZA", PLOT NO. C- 1,
ROTUNDA BUILDING, P. J. TOWERS G- BLOCK, SANDRA - KUR LA COMPLEX,
DALAL STREET, FORT, SANDRA ( E ),
MUMBAI - 400 001 MUMBAI -400 051
Reg: Scrip Code: BSE-532808; NSE -PGIL
SUB: PRESS RELEASE TITLED "PEARL GLOBAL INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNOUNCES
ACQUISITION OF ALPHA CLOTHING LIMITED THROUGH ITS WHOLLY OWNED
HONG KONG SUBSIDIARY"
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a Press Release
titled "Pearl Global Industries Limited announces acquisition of Alpha Clothing Limited
through its wholly owned Hong Kong Subsidiary".
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
.----.f,,.o..-r arl Global Industries Limited
(Ravi ora)
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
ICSI M. No.: ACS-21187
Encl: As above
Pearl Global Industries Limited
Corp. Office: Pearl Tower, Plot No. 51, Sector-32, Gurugram - 122001, Haryana (India)
T: +91-124-4651000 I E: info@pearlglobal.com
CIN L74899DL1989PLC036849
Regd. Office: C-17/ 1, Paschimi Marg, Vasant Vihar, New Delhi -110057
WWW pearlr,lvbal corn

-
PEARL GLOBAL
Exceeding Expectations ... Always
Pearl Global Industries Limited announces acquisition of Alpha Clothing Limited through its wholly owned
Hong Kong Subsidiary
Delhi, 22nd April 2022
Pearl Global Industries Limited, one of India’s largest garment exporters has announced that its wholly owned subsidiary
at Hong Kong namely, Pearl Global (HK) Limited has acquired 9,00,860 equity shares representing 52.11% equity capital of
Bangladesh based, Alpha Clothing Limited for a consideration of USD 1.05 million on 21st April, 2022. This acquisition will
be funded through internal accruals.
Alpha Clothing Limited (Alpha) commenced its operations in the year 2013 with a modest workforce of 150 people and 100
machines. With efficient production processes, it has currently grown to a workforce of 2,100 people, 1,000 sewing
machines, and a capacity of 8 million pieces a year. Alpha was a part of the approved facilities for outsourcing.
Commenting on the above, Group Vice Chairman, Mr. Pulkit Seth said:
“We are witnessing healthy traction in the global apparel market, and we believe that Alpha’s acquisition will further drive
growth for the company. This will allow us to expand our wallet share among our existing long‐term clients while also
delivering a distinct value proposition.”
Commenting on the above, Mr. Pallab Banerjee, Managing Director, Pearl Global Industries Limited said:
“Covid‐19 has led to redistribution of global trade shares and recalibration of sourcing partners. China plus one has opened
opportunity for garment players across the globe. With the acquisition of Alpha, production capacity of Pearl Group shall
be increased by 8 million pcs. per year. Alpha, being Gold Leed Certified facility and approved by our major strategic buyers,
will help us to further strengthen our manufacturing presence in Bangladesh market and fuel incremental growth through
new customer acquisition and additional demand from existing customers.”
About Pearl Global Industries Limited:
Established in 1989, Pearl Global Industries Limited (PGIL) is one of India’s largest listed garment exporters, manufacturing
from multiple sourcing regions within India and countries within South Asia. A preferred long‐term vendor to most leading
global brands, company is amongst the leading player in textile Industry. The mainstay business is to create value from
competitively manufacturing and exporting fashion garments to leading global brands. Product range includes knits, woven
and bottoms (basic and complex designs) across men, women and kids wear segments. Company has a well‐diversified and
de‐risked manufacturing base with 22 manufacturing units spread across India, Indonesia, Bangladesh, and Vietnam. PGIL
has a total capacity to manufacture around 75 million units per year (including own and outsourced facilities) Company
revenue structure is primarily export based, with a major contribution coming from exports to the United States. Exports
contribute more than 95% to the company’s topline. PGIL provides total supply chain solutions to customers‐value retailers
and high‐end fashion brand retails in the United States and Europe. Business model enables them to offer superior quality
products across various countries, catering to all kinds of consumers. Key Global clientele include GAP, Banana Republic,
Kohl’s, Macy, Walmart, Target Australia, Inditex, Ralph Lauren, Next, Tom Tailor, Old Navy, Muji, Tommy Hilfiger, Belk &
Loft among others.
1

-
PEARL GLOBAL
Exceeding Expectations ... Always
Safe Harbor:
Statements in this document relating to future status, events, or circumstances, including but not limited to statements
about plans and objectives, the progress and results of research and development, potential project characteristics, project
potential and target dates for project related issues are forward‐looking statements based on estimates and the anticipated
effects of future events on current and developing circumstances. Such statements are subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties and are not necessarily predictive of future results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward‐looking statements. The company assumes no obligation to update forward‐looking statements to reflect
actual results changed assumptions or other factors.
For further details please contact:
Company Investor Relations Advisors:
SGA
Strategic Growth Advisors
PEARL GLOBAL
........
Exceeding Expectations ... Always
Strategic Growth Advisors Pvt. Ltd.
Pearl Global Industries Limited
CIN: U74140MH2010PTC204285
CIN ‐ L74899DL1989PLC036849
Ms. Brinkle Shah Jariwala / Ms. Khushbu Shah
Mr. Sanjay Gandhi ‐ Group CFO brinkle.shah@sgapl.net / khushbu.shah@sgapl.net
sanjay.gandhi@pearlglobal.com
+91‐9821438864 / +91‐9820601181
www.sgapl.net
2