15th December, 2022
BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Mumbai - 400 001. Sandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.
BSE Code: 500645 NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Sub: Press Release
Further to our communication of even date on “Demerger/ Amalgamation of Composite
Businesses: Outcome of Board meeting held on 15th December, 2022”, please find
enclosed a Press Release by the Company in this regard.
We request you to take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Deepak Fertilisers
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Ritesh Chaudhry
Company Secretary
Encl: as above.

Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Press Release: Corporate Restructuring
Deepak Fertilisers Announces Demerger of its Mining Chemicals & Fertiliser Businesses
Restructuring In-Line With Strategic Shift From Commodity To Specialty; To Provide Focused Leadership, Simple
Structure And Growth Potential
Pune, India, December 15, 2022: The Board of Directors of Smartchem Technologies Limited (‘STL’)
at its meeting held today approved a Corporate Restructuring Plan with the objective of unlocking
growth potential of each of the businesses. STL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deepak Fertilisers
and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited (BSE: 500645; NSE: DEEPAKFERT), one of India’s leading
producers of industrial chemicals and fertilisers (‘DFPCL’).
Existing Structure Resultant Structure
DFPCL DFPCL
(Industrial/Pharma (Industrial / Pharma
Chemicals) Chemicals)
100% 100%
100% 100%
STL DMSPL
Proposed Merger STL (Crop Nutrition) (MiningChemicals)
DMSPL
(CompositeMining&
Fertiliser)
CNB TAN
CNB TAN
Proposed Demerger
94.4% 65%
100% 94.4% 65%
PCL PBS
MFTPL PCL PBS
Greenfield Australian
Ammonia Mining Business
Greenfield Australian
Ammonia Mining Business
*Respective companies background provided in ‘Additional Notes’ on page 3
Chairman’s Message
Commenting on this important development, Mr. Sailesh C. Mehta, Chairman & Managing
Director said:
“Over past few years, DFPCL group has significantly improved its operational
performance, generated cash flows, and strengthened balance sheet whilst
focusing on increasing investments in greenfield expansions. The proposed
corporate restructuring shall considerably help create strong independent
business platforms within the larger DFPCL brand umbrella, hence enhancing
stakeholders' value over time.
Earlier, DFPCL Group’s strategy was primarily focused on production, cost
optimization, capacity utilisations and efficiency improvement. Following
extensive deliberation to deliver an outward consumer focus, a specified ‘Transformation Strategy’ with
the following fundamental drivers has been executed:
a) Focus on Customised Specialty in place of Commodity
b) Move from Volume focus to Value/Premium End-User Focus
c) Shift from Competition Pricing to Value Pricing
This radical shift in strategy was deemed necessary to significantly improve customer experience, enhance
market share, and build a sustainable brand. In terms of growth trajectory and value creation, both TAN
and Crop Nutrition business have attained a strategic size and relevance to deserve stand-alone corporate
identities and focussed leadership. This transaction shall provide the required strategic flexibility to drive
long-term growth and value creation for the end customers, employees and other stakeholders.”
1 | Press Release: Corporate Restructuring

Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Press Release: Corporate Restructuring
Composite Scheme of Arrangement
The Board of Directors approves the following ‘Composite Scheme of Arrangement’:
(i) Demerger of the TAN Business (Mining Chemicals) from STL to Deepak Mining Services
Private Limited (DMSPL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Deepak Fertilisers and
Petrochemicals Corporation Limited (DFPCL); and
(ii) Amalgamation of Mahadhan Farm Technologies Private Limited (MFTPL), being a wholly
owned subsidiary of STL, with STL.
This draft Scheme of demerger is subject to customary, statutory, and regulatory approvals
including approvals of respective shareholders and creditors, NCLT and all other regulators as may
be required.
Strategic Rationale
A. Demerger of TAN Business (Mining Chemicals) from STL to DMSPL:
a. Focused Leadership: Over the last five years, the focus of both TAN and CNB
business has evolved from commodity to specialty, with an increased emphasis on
solutions. Both independent entities to have individual growth plans, focused
leaderships, and strategies to maximise its growth prospects
b. Consumer-focused Orientation Strategy: There is no product, seasonality, markets,
branding, or value proposition overlap between CNB and TAN businesses.
Consumer-focused orientation strategy likely to get impacted if the CNB and TAN
work culture remains intermingled
c. Demerger to Unlock the True Potential: Enable sector specific strategic and
financial investments in respective businesses
d. Economies of Scale: Strengthening customer service, distribution network, overall
economies of scale for all the business verticals
B. Amalgamation of MFTPL with STL:
a. Simplification of Corporate Structure: Reduction of multiple entities carrying on
similar businesses simplifies the group corporate structure
b. Economies of Scale: Strengthening customer service, distribution network, overall
economies of scale for all the business verticals (including reduction of overhead
/ administrative costs)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2 | Press Release: Corporate Restructuring

Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Press Release: Corporate Restructuring
Additional Notes
Company Overview:
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. (DFPCL) is among the India’s leading manufacturers of
industrial chemicals and fertilisers. With a strong presence in Technical Ammonium Nitrate (TAN), Industrial Chemicals
(IC) and Crop Nutrition business (CNB), the Company supports critical sectors of the economy such as infrastructure,
mining, chemicals, pharmaceutical and agriculture. DFPCL is a publicly listed, multi-product Indian conglomerate and
has plants located in four states, namely Maharashtra (Taloja), Gujarat (Dahej), Andhra Pradesh (Srikakulam) and
Haryana (Panipat). ICRA has upgraded DFPCL & STL ‘Long Term’ Credit Rating to AA- with Stable outlook. ‘Short Term’
Credit Rating is also affirmed to A1+ (Highest Rating).
Smartchem Technologies Limited (STL) is carrying on the following businesses: (i) manufacturing of NPK and specialty
fertilisers in India under its flagship brand ‘Mahadhan’ ('Crop Nutrition Business') (ii) manufacturing of Technical
Ammonium Nitrate ('TAN Business') (iii) production of Ammonia which acts as a raw material for both the fertilisers
and chemicals segment ('Ammonia Business') (iv) Manufacturing of Nitric acid, utilities (Steam, Effluent treatment
plant) and trading of fertilisers and chemicals. STL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deepak Fertilisers and
Petrochemicals Corporation Limited (‘DFPCL’), the equity shares of which are listed on the National Stock Exchange of
India Limited and BSE Limited.
Deepak Mining Services Private Limited (DMSPL) was incorporated with the objective of providing consultancy to
mining companies in India inter alia to the entire value chain of the mining business. However, currently it has no
business activities. DMSPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited.
Mahadhan Farm Technologies Private Limited (MFTPL) is engaged in the business of manufacturing of water-soluble
fertilisers. MFTPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of STL.
Platinum Blasting Services Pty. Limited, Australia (PBS) is a joint venture (JV) between Smartchem Technologies Ltd.
(STL) with local Australian partners having vast experience in providing value-added blasting services. and operational
expertise to mining and explosives industries in Australia. This is part of DFPCL’s forward integration initiative.
Performance Chemiserve Limited (PCL) is a subsidiary Company of Smartchem Technologies Limited (STL). PCL is
involved in Chemicals drum filling activities. Further, PCL is setting up Ammonia Project of 1,500 MTPD Capacity.
Investor Relations / Media Contacts:
Amitabh Bhargava Deepak Balwani Girish Shah
EVP – Corporate Marketing & Corporate
President and CFO AVP – Investor Relations & Special Projects
Communications
amitabh.bhargava@dfpcl.com deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com girish.shah@dfpcl.com
+91 20 6645 8733 +91 20 6645 8733 +91 98195 99888
Prajakta Kumbhar (Ketchum Sampark) Ashok Negi / Rajiv Pandya (Churchgate Partners)
prajakta.kumbhar@ketchumsampark.com deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com
+91 7721083806 +91 22 6169 5988
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd.
Reg. Off and Corp. Off: Sai Hira, Survey No. 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360
www.dfpcl.com
Safe Harbour:
This document contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, statements relating to the
implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation limited’s (DFPCL) future
business developments and economic performance. While these forward looking statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future
events, circumstances or performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, are based on management belief
as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management and only indicate our assessment and future expectations
concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause actual developments and
results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental
and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the
financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and financial
performance. DFPCL undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances.
3 | Press Release: Corporate Restructuring