15th December, 2022
The Secretary Listing Department
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051
BSE Code: 500645 NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Sub: Demerger/ Amalgamation of Composite Businesses: Outcome of Board meeting
held on 15th December, 2022
In terms of provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and other
applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company at
their meeting held on 15th December, 2022 have accorded its in-principle approval to the
Composite Scheme of Arrangement between Smartchem Technologies Limited (STL)
(Demerged Company or Transferee Company), Deepak Mining Services Private Limited
(DMSPL) (Resulting Company) and Mahadhan Farm Technologies Private Limited
(MFTPL) (Transferor Company) and their respective shareholders in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 read with Section 52 and other applicable provisions of
the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder.
STL and DMSPL are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company and MFTPL is step down
subsidiary of the Company.
The Scheme provides for:
(i) Demerger of the TAN Business from Demerged Company to the Resulting Company; and
(ii) Amalgamation of the Transferor Company with the Demerged Company.

This will result into creating holistic business entities housed in identified corporate
entities.
The other details as required under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with
SEBI Circular No.-CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated September 09, 2015, is attached as
“Annexure-A”.
The meeting commenced at 4:00 p.m. and concluded at 5.40 p.m.
We request you to take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Deepak Fertilisers
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Ritesh Chaudhry
Company Secretary
Encl: as above.

“Annexure A”
Disclosure pursuant to Para A of Part A of Schedule III of Regulation 30 of SEBI
(Listing Obligation & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
Details of Amalgamation / Merger:
Sr. Particulars Details
No.
1. Name of the entity(ies) SMARTCHEM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
forming part of the ('STL' or 'Demerged Company' or 'Transferee
amalgamation/ merger, details Company '):
in brief such as, size, turnover
etc.; STL was originally incorporated as a public limited
company under the Companies Act, 1956 in the State
of Gujarat on the 21st day of January 1987 under the
name and style of 'Arlem Investment and Finance
Limited'. Subsequently, on the 14th day of June 2000,
the company changed its name to 'Smartchem
Technologies Limited'. Its Corporate Identification
Number is U67120PN1987PLC166034.
Authorised Capital (Rs in Lacs): 3,550 (3,55,00,000
equity shares of INR 10 each)
Paid-up Capital (Rs in Lacs): 1,705 (1,70,50,000 equity
shares of INR 10 each)
Turnover (Rs. in Lacs): 5,57,677
MAHADHAN FARM TECHNOLOGIES
PRIVATE LIMITED (‘MFTPL’ or ‘Transferor
Company’)
MFTPL was incorporated as a private limited company
under the Companies Act, 1956 in the State of
Maharashtra on the 22nd day of May 2003 under the
name and style of ‘Mahadhan Farm Technologies
Private Limited’. Its Corporate Identification Number
is U01110MH2003PTC140539.

Authorised Capital (Rs in Lacs): 1.00 (10,000 equity
shares of INR 10 each)
Paid-up Capital (Rs in Lacs): Rs.1.00 (10,000 equity
shares of INR 10 each)
Turnover (Rs. in Lacs): 4,362.26
2. Whether the transaction No.
would fall within related party Requisite approvals from Board and shareholders is
transactions? If yes, whether being sought from respective entities. Post NCLT
the same is done at “arm’s approval, MFTPL will merge into STL and shall cease
length”; to exist.
3. Area of business of the STL is carrying on the following businesses: (i)
entity(ies); manufacturing of NPK and specialty fertilisers in India
under its flagship brand ‘Mahadhan’ ('Crop Nutrition
Business') (ii) manufacturing of Technical Ammonium
Nitrate ('TAN Business') (iii) production of Ammonia
which acts as a raw material for both the fertilisers and
chemicals segment ('Ammonia Business') (iv)
Manufacturing of Nitric acid, utilities (Steam, Effluent
treatment plant) and trading of fertilisers and chemicals.
MFTPL is engaged in the business of manufacturing of
water-soluble fertilisers. MFTPL is a wholly owned
subsidiary of STL
4. Rationale for amalgamation/
a. Simplification of Corporate Structure:
merger;
Reduction of multiple entities carrying on similar
businesses simplifies the group corporate
structure
b. Economies of Scale: Strengthening customer
service, distribution network, overall economies
of scale for all the business verticals (including
reduction of overhead / administrative costs)
5. In case of cash consideration – Not Applicable. MFTPL is already wholly owned
amount or otherwise share subsidiary of STL.
exchange ratio;

6. Brief details of change in Not Applicable as the Company is not part of scheme
shareholding pattern (if any)
of listed entity
Details of Demerger:
Sr. Particulars Details
No.
1. Brief details of the division(s) Separation of TAN Business of STL, by way of
to be demerged demerger, into Deepak Mining Services Private
Limited ('DMSPL' Or 'Resulting Company'), a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company
DMSPL was incorporated as a private limited company
under the Companies Act, 1956 in the state of
Maharashtra on the 6th day of August 2008 under the
name and style of 'Deepak Mining Services Private
Limited'. Its Corporate Identification Number is
U14100PN2008PTC132562. DMSPL was
incorporated with the objective of providing
consultancy to mining companies in India inter alia to
the entire value chain of the mining business. However,
currently it has no business activities. DMSPL is a
wholly owned subsidiary of Deepak Fertilisers and
Petrochemicals Corporation Limited.
2. Turnover of the demerged Turnover as of 31st March 2022: Rs. 2,463 Cr;
division and as percentage to TAN Business as percentage of total turnover: 44%
the total turnover of the listed
entity in the immediately
preceding financial year /
based on financials of the last
financial year
3. Rationale for demerger
a. Focused Leadership: Over the last five years,
the focus of both TAN and CNB business has
evolved from commodity to specialty, with an
increased emphasis on solutions. Both
independent entities to have individual growth

plans, focused leaderships, and strategies to
maximise its growth prospects
b. Consumer-focused Orientation Strategy: There
is no product, seasonality, markets, branding, or
value proposition overlap between CNB and TAN
businesses. Consumer-focused orientation strategy
likely to get impacted if the CNB and TAN work
culture remains intermingled
c. Demerger to Unlock the True Potential: Enable
sector specific strategic and financial investments
in respective businesses
d. Economies of Scale: Strengthening customer
service, distribution network, overall economies
of scale for all the business verticals
4. Brief details of change in There would be no change in the Shareholding pattern
shareholding pattern (if any)of of Resulting Company and demerged Company
all entities
5. In case of cash consideration – 1 (One) fully paid up equity shares of face value of INR
amount or otherwise share 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each of the Resulting Company
exchange ratio shall be issued and allotted to the shareholders of the
Demerged Company for every 1 (One) fully paid up
equity shares of face value INR 10/- (Rupees Ten only)
each held in the Demerged Company”
6. Whether listing would be No.
sought for the resulting entity
For Deepak Fertilisers
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Ritesh Chaudhry
Company Secretary