PEARL GLOBAL
Exceeding Expectations... Always
PGIL/SE/2023-24/25
Date: June 27, 2023
THE GENERAL MANAGER, THE GENERAL MANAGER,
DEPARTMENT OF CORPORATE SERVICE - CRD LISTING DEPARTMENT
BSE LIMITED NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA
1ST FLOOR, NEW TRADING RING LTD.
ROTUNDA BUILDING, P. J. TOWERS "EXCHANGE PLAZA", PLOT NO. C- 1,
DALAL STREET, FORT, G- BLOCK, BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX,
MUMBALI - 400 001 BANDRA (E), MUMBAI - 400 051
Reg: Scrip Code: BSE-532808 NSE: PGIL
Sub: Press Release
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, please find enclosed herewith a Press Release on acquisition of 55% stake in Pearl GT Holdco Ltd
incorporated in British Virgin Islands.
You are requested to take the same on your records.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Pearl Global Industries Limited
Shilpa Budhia
(Company Secretary & Compliance Officer)
Encl: as above
Pearl Global Industries Limited
Corp. Office: Pearl Tower, Plot No. 51, Sector-32, Gurugram — 122001, Haryana (India)
T:+91124-4651000 | E: info@pearlglobal.com
CIN: L74899DL1989PLC0O36849
Regd. Office: C-17/1, Paschimi Marg, Vasant Vihar, New Delhi - 110057
TJ www. pearlgliobal com |j

Pearl Global Industries Limited announces acquisition of 55% stake in Pearl GT Holdco Ltd
Delhi, 27th June 2023
Pearl Global Industries Limited (PGIL), one of India’s largest garment exporters has announced its strategic expansion into
Guatemala, recognizing the unparalleled opportunities offered by the country's unique competitive position. The company
has acquired a 55% stake in Pearl GT Holdco Ltd for a consideration of USD 550,000. The acquisition will be funded through
internal accruals.
Pearl GT Holdco Ltd. is incorporated as the holding Company of Shoretex Sociedad Anonima (Shoretex), and Corporacion
de Productos y Servicios Asociados, Sociedad Anonima (Corpasa).
Shoretex and Corpasa is incorporated in Guatemala and is engaged in the business of Manufacturing and Trading in
Garments. By way of this acquisition, the Company is exploring near shore manufacturing opportunities in the Central
America region. This strategic initiative aims to add value to the Company's growth by diversifying its manufacturing
capabilities and expanding its geographical reach. This move enables PGIL to further strengthen its presence in three of the
four major sourcing bases, catering to the evolving needs of its customers.
The companies are currently owned by Guatemalan residents and are generating an annual revenue of US$ 3.8 Mn
operating across 3 lines.
The companies have a net worth of USD 1,068,552.
Post the acquisition, Pearl GT Holdco Ltd shall incur a capex of up to USD 2,000,000 in the subsidiary to expand capacities
across 12 lines which shall generate an annual revenue of US$ 20 Mn.
Commenting on the above, Group Vice Chairman, Mr. Pulkit Seth said:
"We are excited to announce our acquisition of a 55% stake in Pearl GT Holdco Ltd, signalling our commitment to diversifying
our manufacturing capabilities and expanding our reach. This strategic move allows a paradigm-shifting opportunity that
presents unique competitive advantages for our company. The acquisition of a 55% stake in Pearl GT Holdco Ltd is a
significant step forward in our growth strategy. By entering the Central America region, we are seizing near shore
manufacturing opportunities that align with our customers' needs, particularly in the post-pandemic era.
The COVID-19 pandemic has exposed the vulnerabilities of longer transit countries as sourcing bases, prompting us to
prioritize near shore capabilities that emphasize speed and inventory control. With its stable business environment and
membership in the Central America Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA) allowing us to tap into duty-free benefits, Guatemala
stands out as the most stable environment in the near shore region.
Having a presence in three out of the four major sourcing bases enhances our ability to meet and exceed our customers'
needs. We are committed to leveraging Guatemala's strengths and delivering comprehensive solutions that address the
evolving demands of our valued clients.”
1

About Pearl Global Industries Limited:
Established in 1989, Pearl Global Industries Limited (PGIL) is one of India’s largest listed garment exporters, manufacturing
from multiple sourcing regions within India and countries within South Asia. A preferred long-term vendor to most leading
global brands, company is amongst the leading player in textile Industry. The mainstay business is to create value from
competitively manufacturing and exporting fashion garments to leading global brands. Product range includes knits, woven
and bottoms (basic and complex designs) across men, women and kids wear segments. Company has a well-diversified and
de-risked manufacturing base with 22 manufacturing units spread across India, Indonesia, Bangladesh, and Vietnam. PGIL
has a total capacity to manufacture around 75 million units per year (including own and outsourced facilities) Company
revenue structure is primarily export based, with a major contribution coming from exports to the United States. Exports
contribute more than 95% to the company’s topline. PGIL provides total supply chain solutions to customers-value retailers
and high-end fashion brand retails in the United States and Europe. Business model enables them to offer superior quality
products across various countries, catering to all kinds of consumers. Key Global clientele include GAP, Banana Republic,
Kohl’s, Macy, Walmart, Target Australia, Inditex, Ralph Lauren, Next, Tom Tailor, Old Navy, Muji among others.
Safe Harbor:
Statements in this document relating to future status, events, or circumstances, including but not limited to statements
about plans and objectives, the progress and results of research and development, potential project characteristics, project
potential and target dates for project related issues are forward-looking statements based on estimates and the anticipated
effects of future events on current and developing circumstances. Such statements are subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties and are not necessarily predictive of future results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements. The company assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect
actual results changed assumptions or other factors.
For further details please contact:
Company Investor Relations Advisors:
Strategic Growth Advisors Pvt. Ltd.
Pearl Global Industries Limited
CIN: U74140MH2010PTC204285
CIN - L74899DL1989PLC036849
Mrs. Brinkle Shah Jariwala / Mr. Rahul Agarwal
Mr. Sanjay Gandhi - Group CFO
brinkle.shah@sgapl.net / rahul.agarwal@sgapl.net
sanjay.gandhi@pearlglobal.com
+91-9821438864 / +91-9821438864
www.sgapl.net
2