19th February, 2024
BSE Limited, National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra-Kurla Complex,
Mumbai - 400 001. Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.
BSE Code: 500645 NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015
In terms of provisions of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, this is to inform you that the Company has entered into a long-
term supply agreement for Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) with Equinor ASA, Norway.
A copy of the Press Release titled “Deepak Fertilisers enters into a 15-year LNG contract with
Norwegian Giant – Equinor” being issued in this regard which is self-explanatory is attached
herewith.
We request you to take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Deepak Fertilisers
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Gaurav Munoli
Company Secretary
Encl: as above.

Deepak Fertilisers enters into a 15-year LNG contract with Norwegian Giant – Equinor
Pune, February 19, 2024: Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Limited (DFPCL),
one of India’s leading producers of industrial chemicals and fertilisers, and Equinor, an
international energy company headquartered in Norway, have entered into a long-term
supply agreement for Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG).
With this tie-up, DFPCL strengthens its value chain with an attractive long-term LNG contract
to solidify its value chain from Gas to Ammonia to various downstream Fertilisers, Industrial
Chemicals and Mining Chemicals. This end-to-end tie-up shall establish a strong long-term
foundation for all of DFPCL's product segments.
Equinor, erstwhile Statoil, is amongst the established leaders in the oil & gas sector over the
last 50 years, with a market cap of USD 75 Billion wherein majority shares are owned by the
Norwegian Government.
The agreement signed by Irene Rummelhoff, Executive Vice President, Equinor and Sailesh C.
Mehta, Chairman & Managing Director, DFPCL, is one of the largest contracts signed by
Equinor with a private sector company in India.
This agreement is for annual supplies of up to 0.65 million tonnes over a period of 15 years,
beginning 2026. The tie-up provides room for trading some LNG parcels in the growing LNG
demands in India as well as accommodating DFPCL’s growing captive needs. The LNG will be
delivered to the west coast of India. DFPCL is at an advanced stage of tying up the Re-
gasification Terminal with the Gas pipeline grid connectivity to its plant's doorstep already in
place.
The LNG agreement also encourages the companies to further collaborate on petrochemicals
feedstocks and strategic decarbonization pathways in the future.
“We are very happy to enter into this long-term agreement with Equinor for supply of LNG.
This will put on a solid footing Deepak Fertilisers value-chain right from Gas to Ammonia to
building block Nitric Acids to downstream Fertilisers, Mining Chemicals and Industrial
Chemicals, helping it to absorb Global volatility as well as enhance overall margins. We also
look forward to exploring with Equinor, strategic tie-ups in our Chemical Business, as well as
carbon footprint reduction initiatives.” said Sailesh C. Mehta, Chairman & Managing Director,
DFPCL.
“I am happy that we have entered into this agreement with Deepak and it is an example of
how we use our position in the Atlantic basin to strengthen our relationship with key players
in the growing Indian market. Ammonia is a key building block for the society, being crucial
for agriculture and food security. Deepak’s new ammonia plant will provide new, domestic
fertiliser supply to India and we are proud to provide its feedstock in the form of natural
gas. We look forward to further developing our relationship with Deepak on feedstocks and
low carbon initiatives in the future”, says Equinor’s Senior vice president for Gas & Power
Helge Haugane.

About Equinor
Equinor is an international energy giant committed to long-term value creation in a low-
carbon future with a history spanning over 50 years in the oil & gas sector. Equinor’s purpose
is to turn natural resources into energy for people and progress for society. Headquartered
in Norway, Equinor operates in 30 countries worldwide with a market cap of over USD 75
billion.
Equinor’s portfolio of projects encompasses oil and gas, renewables and low-carbon
solutions, with an ambition of becoming a net-zero energy company by 2050. Equinor is the
largest exporter of pipeline gas to Europe and operator of Europe’s only large-scale LNG plant
at Hammerfest, Norway.
About DFPCL:
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. (DFPCL) is among India’s leading
manufacturers of industrial chemicals and fertilisers. With a strong presence in Technical
Ammonium Nitrate (mining chemicals), Industrial Chemicals and Crop Nutrition (fertilisers),
the Company supports critical sectors of the economy such as infrastructure, mining,
chemicals, pharmaceuticals and agriculture. DFPCL is a publicly listed, multi-product Indian
conglomerate and has plants located in four states, namely Maharashtra (Taloja), Gujarat
(Dahej), Andhra Pradesh (Srikakulam) and Haryana (Panipat).
DFPCL is the leading manufacturer and marketer of Iso Propyl Alcohol (IPA) in India and the
largest manufacturer of Nitric Acid in South East Asia. The Company is developing specialised
grades of Nitric Acid and IPA to meet specific requirements to cater needs of the
industry/consumer.
DFPCL is one of the leading manufacturers of Technical Ammonium Nitrate in the world, it is
the only producer of prilled TAN solids in India and also manufactures medical grade
Ammonium Nitrate. The Company has commenced best-in-class Technical Services to drive
downstream productivity benefits for the mining end consumers.
CNB Segment (fertilisers) offers a basket of 48 products which include bulk fertilizers, Crop
nutrient solutions, specialty fertilizers, water-soluble fertilizers, bio-stimulants, micro-
nutrients, and secondary nutrients, catering to every crop’s nutrient requirement. Enhanced-
efficiency speciality fertilizers are developed basis rigorous R&D efforts and product trials at
over 50,000 farmer demo plots. The R&D efforts have shown distinct yield and quality
improvements for crops across segments such as cotton, sugarcane, onion, fruits &
vegetables. Over last three years, value-added nutrition products have benefitted 6 million
farmers.

Investor Relations / Media Contacts:
Deepak Balwani Deepak Rastogi Girish Shah
EVP – Corporate Marketing & Corporate
AVP – Investor Relations & Special Projects President and CFO
Communications
deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com deepak.rastogi@dfpcl.com girish.shah@dfpcl.com
+91 20 6645 8733 +91 20 6645 8733 +91 98195 99888
Prajakta Kumbhar (Ketchum Sampark) Anvita Raghuram / Bhushan Khandelwal
prajakta.kumbhar@ketchumsampark.com (Churchgate Partners)
+91 7721083806 deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com
+91 22 6169 5988
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd.
Reg. Off and Corp. Off: Sai Hira, Survey No. 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360
www.dfpcl.com
Safe Harbour:
This document contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, statements relating to the
implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation limited’s (DFPCL)
future business developments and economic performance. While these forward looking statements are neither predictions nor guarantees
of future events, circumstances or performance and are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, are based on
management belief as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management and only indicate our assessment
and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could
cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general
market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures,
technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key
factors that could affect our business and financial performance. DFPCL undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward looking
statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances.