30-06-2021
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd The National Stock Exchange of India
25th Floor, P.J. Towers Limited
Dalal Street Exchange Plaza, Bandra‐ Kurla Complex
Mumbai ‐ 400 001. Bandra East
Scrip Code: 532884 Mumbai ‐ 400 051
Symbol: REFEX
Sub: Outcome of the Board Meeting ‐ Audited Financial Result for the Quarter and
Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 and considering issue of Shares on Rights Basis and
other matters
Dear Sir/Madam,
1. Pursuant to the requirements of the Regulation 30 & 33 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 we wish to inform you that the Board
of Directors of the Company in their meeting held today i.e. June 30, 2021, has
approved the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Company for the year ended March 31, 2021.
We hereby enclose the following:
(i) A copy of Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the
Company for the year ended March 31, 2021 (Annexure‐1).
(ii) Auditors Report on Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results.
(Annexure‐2).
(iii) Declaration of unmodified opinion
2. The Board of Directors have considered and approved the proposal of raising funds
by way of offer and issue of Equity Shares to the Members of the Company on Right
basis (“Rights Issue”) at such price and ratio as may be decided by the
Board/Committee of the Board, for an amount aggregating up to Rs 50 Crores, Subject
to necessary approvals and consent as may be required.

3. Recommendation of Dividend:
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of Rs. 0.50 Paise (5%) per
equity share of Rs.10/‐ each for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 subject to the
approval of shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
4. Covid Initiative:
The Chairman informed the Board about the COVID Support Initiative taken by the
Company. The Company has arranged to provide COVID Life cover Insurance policy for
the employees and also extended support to the families of the deceased employees (if
any) as follows:
 Full month salary of the employees for next 3 years to the family’s verified next to
kin / Legal Heir.
 Educational expenses of children till graduation
 Extend the Mediclaim policy benefit to the dependent’s family till the children
reach the age of 25 or till they become financially independent, whichever is earlier
 Employment to the dependent / spouse as applicable per their qualification/skills
immediately.
You are requested to kindly take the same on records.
Thanking you,
Yoursʹ faithfully,