goldiam lnternc;tional Ltd
MANUFACTURERS & EXPORTERS OF DIAMONDS & JEWELLERY
C.IN: L36912MH1986P.LC041203
November 15, 2021
To, To,
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001. Sandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai-400 051.
Scrip Code: 526729 Scrip Code: GOLDIAM EQ
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Updates regarding the buyback of upto 3,80,000 (Three lakhs eighty thousand only) fully
paid-up equity shares of the Company of face value of Rs.10/-(Rupees Ten only) each at a
price of Rs.1,200/-(Rupees One thousand two hundred only) per equity share ("Buyback")
Further to our letter dated November 12, 2021, we are enclosing herewith copy of the Letter of Offer and
Tender Form in relation to the Buyback. The Letter of Offer, Tender Form and the Share Transfer Deed
(Form SH-4) are also be available on the website of the Company at www.qoldiam.com.
This is for your information and records.
Encl.: As above
Registered Office
Gems & Jewellery Complex, Santacruz Electronics Export Processing Zone, Andheri (East), Mumbai-400096. India
Phones: (022) 28291893/28290396/28292397 Fax : (022) 28292885 Email:-investorrelations@goldiam.com
Website: www.goldiam.com

LETTER OF OFFER
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION
This Letter of Offer is being sent to you as a registered Equity Shareholder (as defined hereinafter) of
Goldiam International Limited (the “Company”/ “Goldiam”) as on the Record Date (as defined
hereinafter) in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities)
Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “Buyback Regulations”). If you require any clarifications about the
action to be taken, you should consult your stockbroker or your investment consultant or the Manager to
the Buyback i.e. Keynote Financial Services Limited or the Registrar to the Buyback i.e. Link Intime India
Private Limited. Please refer to the section on “Definitions of Key Terms” for the definition of the
capitalized terms used herein.
GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Registered office: Gems & Jewellery Complex, MIDC, SEEPZ, Andheri (East), Mumbai ‐ 400 096
Tele. No. 022 ‐28291893/ 28290396/ 28292397; Fax : 022‐28292885; Website: www.goldiam.com
Email: investorrelations@goldiam.com; Company Secretary & Compliance Officer: Pankaj Parkhiya
CASH OFFER TO BUYBACK UP TO 3,80,000 (THREE LAKHS EIGHTY THOUSAND ) FULLY PAID‐UP
EQUITY SHARES OF FACE VALUE ₹10/‐ EACH (“EQUITY SHARES”) (“BUYBACK”), REPRESENTING 1.71%
OF THE TOTAL PAID‐UP EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY, FROM ALL THE EQUITY
SHAREHOLDERS/ BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE FULLY PAID EQUITY SHARES OF THE COMPANY AS ON
THE RECORD DATE I.E. OCTOBER 27, 2021 (“RECORD DATE”), ON A PROPORTIONATE BASIS,
THROUGH THE “TENDER OFFER” ROUTE, AT A PRICE OF ₹1200/‐ (RUPEES ONE THOUSAND TWO
HUNDERED ONLY) PER EQUITY SHARE (THE “BUYBACK PRICE”) FOR AN AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF UP
TO ₹45,60,00,000/‐ (RUPEES FORTY FIVE CRORE SIXTY LAKHS ONLY) (THE “BUYBACK SIZE”).
1. The Buyback is in accordance with Article 23A of the Articles of Association of the Company and is
subject to the provisions of Section 68, 69, 70 and 110 and other applicable provisions of the
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,
2014, the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as applicable and in
compliance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018
(the “Buyback Regulations”) including any amendments, statutory modifications or re‐enactments
thereof, for the time being in force, and is subject to other approvals, permissions, sanctions and
exemptions as may be required from time to time from any statutory and/ or regulatory
authorities including but not limited to Securities and Exchange Board of India, National Stock
Exchange of India Limited, BSE Limited, Registrar of Companies, Reserve Bank of India, etc.
2. The Buyback Size is 19.35% and 10.05% of the aggregate paid‐up equity share capital and free
reserves (including securities premium account) as per the standalone and consolidated audited
balance sheet of the Company as on March 31, 2021, respectively (the last standalone and
consolidated audited balance sheet available for the financial year as on the date of the Board
meeting approving the proposal of the Buyback, held on September 13, 2021) and is within the
statutory limits of 25% of the total paid‐up equity share capital and free reserves (including
securities premium account) as per the last standalone and consolidated audited financial
statements of the Company for financial year ended March 31, 2021. The Equity Shares proposed
to be bought back represent 1.71% of the total number of paid‐up equity share capital of the
Company.
3. The Letter of Offer will be sent to the Shareholder(s)/ Beneficial Owner(s) holding Equity Shares of
the Company as on the Record Date i.e. October 27, 2021.
4. The procedure for tendering and settlement is set out in clause 20 on page 45 of this Letter of
Offer. The Form of Acceptance‐cum‐Acknowledgement (the “Tender Form”) is enclosed together

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
with this Letter of Offer.
5. For mode of payment of consideration to the Equity Shareholders, please refer to clause 20 on
page 45 of this Letter of Offer.
6. Equity Shareholders are advised to refer to Clause 17 (Details of the Statutory Approvals) and
Clause 21 (Note on Taxation) of this Letter of Offer, before tendering their Equity Shares in the
Buyback.
7. A copy of the Public Announcement dated October 14, 2021 published on October 18, 2021 and
this Letter of Offer (including the Tender Form) shall also be available on the website of the
Company‐ www.goldiam.com and is expected to be available on the website of Securities and
Exchange Board of India‐ www.sebi.gov.in.
BUYBACK PROGRAMME
BUYBACK OPENS ON: Friday, November 26, 2021
BUYBACK CLOSES ON: Thursday, December 09, 2021
LAST DATE OF RECEIPT OF COMPLETED TENDER FORMS AND OTHER SPECIFIED DOCUMENTS BY THE
REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK: Thursday, December 09, 2021, BY 5.00 p.m.
MANAGER TO THE BUY BACK REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK
Keynote Financial Services Limited Link Intime India Private Limited
The Ruby, 9thFloor, Senapati Bapat Marg, C101. 247 Park, LBS Marg,
Dadar (West), Mumbai – 400028 Vikhroli (West), Mumbai‐ 400 083
Tel: +91 22 6826 6000‐3 Tel No: +91 22 4918 6200; Fax: +91 22 49186195
E‐mail: mbd@keynoteindia.net Email Id: goldiam.buyback2021@linkintime.co.in
Website: www.keynoteindia.net Website: www.linkintime.co.in
Contact Person: Sumeet Deshpande
Contact Person: Shashank Pisat
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058
SEBI Registration No.: INM 000003606
2

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Table of Contents
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................... 4
2. DEFINITIONS OF KEY TERMS .......................................................................................................... 4
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE ...................................................................................................................... 7
4. TEXT OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS ................ 9
5. DETAILS OF THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT ................................................................................. 15
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK ........................................................................................................... 15
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK ................................................................................................... 18
8. NECESSITY OF THE BUYBACK ....................................................................................................... 18
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND THE LIKELY IMPACT OF BUYBACK ON THE
COMPANY ..................................................................................................................................... 18
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE ............................................................................. 28
11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK ..................................................................................... 29
12. DETAILS OF THE ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN ........................ 29
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN ................................................................ 30
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY .................................................................................... 31
15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY .................................................................... 36
16. STOCK MARKET DATA .................................................................................................................. 38
17. DETAILS OF THE STATUTORY APPROVALS .................................................................................. 40
18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRES ............................. 40
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK ................................................................... 41
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDER/ OFFER AND SETTLEMENT ................................................................ 45
21. NOTE ON TAXATION ..................................................................................................................... 50
22. DECLARATION ............................................................................................................................... 53
23. AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE .............................................................................................................. 53
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION .................................................................................................... 57
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER AND COMPANY INVESTOR RELATIONS ...................... 57
26. DETAILS OF THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS ................................. 57
27. DETAILS OF INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE AND REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK ............................ 58
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUY BACK ........................................................................... 58
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS REGARDING AUTHENTICITY OF THE INFORMATION IN THE
LETTER OF OFFER .......................................................................................................................... 59
3

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
1. SCHEDULE OF ACTIVITIES
Activity Day and Date
Date of the Board meeting to approve the proposal for Buyback of
Monday, September 13, 2021
Equity Shares
Date of declaration of results of postal ballot for special resolution
Wednesday, October 13, 2021
by the Equity Shareholders of the Company, approving the Buyback
Date of publication of Public Announcement for the Buyback Monday, October 18, 2021
Record Date for determining the Buyback Entitlement and the
Wednesday, October 27, 2021
names of Eligible Sellers
Date of opening of Buyback Friday, November 26, 2021
Date of closing of Buyback Thursday, December 09, 2021
Last date of receipt of completed Tender Forms and other specified
documents including physical share certificates by the Registrar and Thursday, December 09, 2021
Transfer Agent
Last date of verification by Registrar Wednesday, December 15, 2021
Last date of providing Acceptance to the Stock Exchange by the
Friday, December 17, 2021
Registrar
Last date of settlement of bids on the Stock Exchange / Clearing
Monday, December 20, 2021
Corporation
Last date of dispatch of share certificate(s) by RTA/ unblocking of
unaccepted demat Equity Shares in the account of the Eligible Monday, December 20, 2021
shareholder
Last date of extinguishment of Equity Shares Monday, December 27, 2021
Note: Where last dates are mentioned for certain activities, such activities may happen on or before the
respective last dates.
2. DEFINITIONS OF KEY TERMS
Term Description
Acceptance / Accept / Acceptance of Equity Shares tendered by Eligible Sellers in the Buyback
Accepted Offer.
The Companies Act, 2013, as amended including the rules and
Act or Companies Act
regulations made thereunder.
The facility for acquisition of Equity Shares through mechanism provided
by the Designated Stock Exchange in the form of a separate window in
accordance with SEBI circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April
Acquisition Window
13, 2015, as amended via circular no. CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated
December 9, 2016, and SEBI circular CFD/DCR‐III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated
August 13, 2021, including any amendments thereof.
Additional Equity Shares tendered by an Eligible Seller over and above
Additional Equity Shares or
the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Seller not exceeding the Equity
Additional Shares
Shares held by such Eligible Seller as on the Record Date.
Articles / AOA Articles of Association of the Company, as amended from time to time
Board of Directors of the Company (which term shall, unless repugnant
Board or Board of Directors to the context or meaning thereof, be deemed to include a duly
authorized ‘Committee’ thereof).
Meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on Monday,
Board Meeting
September 13, 2021, approving the Buyback.
BSE BSE Limited
4

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Term Description
Buyback of 3,80,000 Equity Shares at a price of ₹ 1200/‐ (Rupees One
Buyback or Buyback Offer Thousand Two Hundred Only) per Equity Share for an aggregate amount
or Offer up to ₹ 45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty Five Crores Sixty Lakhs only)
through Tender Offer.
Thursday, December 09, 2021, being the last date up to which the
Buyback Closing Date
tendering of shares by Eligible Sellers will be allowed.
The number of Equity Shares that an Eligible Seller is entitled to tender,
Buyback Entitlement or in the Buyback, based on the number of Equity Shares held by such
Entitlement Eligible Seller, on the Record Date and the ratio / percentage of Buyback
applicable in the category to which such Eligible Shareholder belongs
Friday, November 26, 2021 being the date from which the tendering of
Buyback Opening Date
Equity Shares by Eligible Sellers will be allowed
The period between the date of declaration of results of postal ballot for
special resolution i.e. October 13, 2021 till the date on which the
Buyback Period
payment of consideration to shareholders who have accepted the
Buyback offer will be made.
Price at which Equity Shares will be bought back from the Equity
Buyback Price or Offer Price Shareholders i.e. ₹ 1200/‐ (Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred Only)
per Equity Share, payable in cash.
Number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back i.e. 3,80,000
(Three Lakhs Eighty Thousand) fully paid‐up Equity Shares multiplied by
Buyback Size the Buyback Price i.e. a price of ₹ 1200/‐ (Rupees One Thousand Two
Hundred Only) per Equity Share aggregating to ₹ 45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees
Forty Five Crore Sixty Lakhs only).
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities)
Regulations, 2018 including any amendments, statutory modifications or
Buyback Regulations
re‐enactments thereof, for the time being in force and the SEBI
Circulars.
Clearing Corporation / CCIL Clearing Corporation of India Limited
The Committee was formed and authorized for the purposes of the
Committee or Committee Buyback through a resolution of the Board dated September 13, 2021.
of Directors or Buyback The Buyback Committee comprises of Rashesh Manhar Bhansali‐
Committee Executive Chairman, Anmol Rashesh Bhansali‐ Whole Time Director and
Pankaj Parkhiya‐ Company Secretary & Compliance Officer.
“Company” or “Our
Company” or “we” or “us” Goldiam International Limited unless the context states otherwise.
or “our”
Company’s Broker Keynote Capitals Limited
Compliance Officer Pankaj Parkhiya
DP Depository Participant
Collectively, National Securities Depository Limited and Central
Depositories
Depository Services (India) Limited
Designated Stock Exchange The designated stock exchange for the Buyback is BSE.
Director Director(s) of the Company.
Draft Letter of Offer (DLOF) The Draft Letter of Offer dated October 21, 2021 filed with SEBI.
Person(s) eligible to participate in the Buyback Offer and would mean all
Eligible Shareholders or
equity shareholders/ beneficial owner(s) of Equity Shares of the
Eligible Person or Equity
Company as on Record Date i.e. October 27, 2021 and excludes
Shareholder or Eligible
Person(s) who do not have the capacity under applicable law to tender
Sellers
equity shares
Fully paid‐up equity shares of the Company each having a face value of
Equity Shares
₹10 (Rupees Ten Only).
5

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Term Description
The Escrow Account titled “Goldiam International Limited Buyback
Escrow Account
Escrow Account 2021‐2022” opened with Axis Bank Limited
Escrow Agent Axis Bank Limited
The Escrow Agreement dated September 27,2021 entered into between
Escrow Agreement
the Company, the Manager to the Buyback and the Escrow Agent
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 including the regulations,
FEMA
circulars, directions and notifications issued thereunder
FIIs/FPI(s) Foreign Institutional Investors / Foreign Portfolio Investors
General Category Eligible Sellers other than the Small Shareholders.
IT Act or Income Tax Act Income‐tax Act, 1961, as amended
This Letter of Offer dated November 12, 2021 to be filed with SEBI
containing disclosures in relation to the Buyback as specified in the
LOF or Letter of Offer
Buyback Regulations, including comments received from SEBI on the
Draft Letter of Offer.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
LODR Regulations
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended
Manager to the Buyback or
Keynote Financial Services Limited
Manager to the Offer
N.A. Not Applicable
A person resident outside India, who is a citizen of India or a person of
Non‐Resident Indians Indian origin, and shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
Foreign Exchange Management (Deposit) Regulations, 2000.
Includes Non‐resident Indians (NRI), Foreign Institutional Investors (FII)
Non‐Resident Shareholders and Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPI) and erstwhile Overseas Corporate
Bodies (OCB) and Foreign Nationals
NSE National Stock Exchange of India Limited
The public announcement, made in accordance with the Buyback
PA or Public Announcement Regulations, dated October 14, 2021, published on October 18, 2021, in
the newspapers set out in paragraph 5 of this Letter of Offer
PAN Permanent Account Number
Promoter and promoter group as have been disclosed under the filings
made by the Company under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
Promoter and Promoter
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as
Group
amended, and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended
Physical Form Tender form for Eligible Shareholders holding Physical Shares.
Physical Shares Equity Share(s) of the Company in physical form.
RBI Reserve Bank of India
The date for the purpose of determining the Buyback Entitlement and
the names of the Eligible Sellers to whom the Letter of Offer and Tender
Record Date Form will be sent, and who are eligible to participate in the proposed
Buyback offer in accordance with the Buyback Regulations. The Record
Date for the Offer is October 27, 2021.
Registrar to the Buyback Link Intime India Private Limited
SEBI Securities and Exchange Board of India
Tendering of Equity Shares by Shareholders and settlement of the same,
through the stock exchange mechanism as specified by SEBI in the
circular bearing number CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13,
SEBI Circulars
2015 read with the SEBI circular bearing number
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 09, 2016 and circular
bearing number CFD/DCR‐III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated August 13, 2021.
Seller Member or Seller A stock broker (who is a member of the BSE) of an Eligible Seller,
6

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Term Description
Broker through whom the Eligible Shareholder wants to participate in the
Buyback
Shareholders Holders of Equity Shares and includes beneficial owners thereof.
A Stock Broker of an Eligible Seller through whom the Eligible Seller
Shareholder Broker
wants to participate in the Buyback.
The “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange”
Stock Exchange Mechanism
notified by SEBI Circular
‘Small Shareholder’ means a shareholder of the Company, who holds
shares whose market value, on the basis of closing price of shares, on
Small Shareholder the recognized stock exchange in which highest trading volume in
respect of such security, as on Record Date (i.e. October 27, 2021), is not
more than ₹ 200,000/‐ (Rupees Two Lakh Only).
BSE and NSE, being the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares of the
Stock Exchanges
Company are listed.
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares
Takeover Regulations
and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, as amended
The form to be filled in by the Shareholders to participate in the
Tender Form
Buyback.
Method of Buyback as defined in Regulation 2(i)(q) of the Buyback
Tender Offer
Regulations.
Period of 10 (Ten) Working Days from the date of opening of the
Tendering Period
Buyback Offer until its closure (both days inclusive).
TRS Transaction Registration Slip generated by the exchange bidding system.
U.S A/U.S United States/ United States of America
Working day shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the Buyback
Working Day
Regulations.
3. DISCLAIMER CLAUSE
As required, a copy of the Draft Letter of Offer has been submitted to SEBI. It is to be distinctly
understood that submission of the Draft Letter of Offer to SEBI should not, in any way, be deemed or
construed that the same has been cleared or approved by SEBI. SEBI does not take any responsibility
either for the financial soundness of the Company to meet its Buyback commitments or for the
correctness of the statements made or opinions expressed in the Draft Letter of Offer. The Manager
to the Buyback, Keynote Financial Services Limited, has certified that the disclosures made in this
Draft Letter of Offer are generally adequate and are in conformity with the provisions of the
Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations. This requirement is to facilitate Eligible Sellers to take
an informed decision in tendering their Equity Shares in the Buyback.
It should also be clearly understood that, while the Company is primarily responsible for the
correctness, adequacy and disclosure of all relevant information in the Draft Letter of Offer, the
Manager to the Buyback is expected to exercise due diligence to ensure that the Company
discharges its duty adequately in this behalf and towards this purpose, the Manager to the Buyback,
Keynote Financial Services Limited, has furnished to SEBI a due diligence certificate dated October
21, 2021, in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, which reads as follows:
“We have examined various documents and materials contained in the annexures to the Draft Letter
of Offer relevant to the Buyback, as part of the due diligence carried out by us in connection with the
finalization of the Public Announcement published on October 18, 2021 and the Draft Letter of Offer
dated October 21, 2021. On the basis of such examination and the discussions with the Company, we
hereby state that:
7

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
i. the Public Announcement and the Draft Letter of Offer are in conformity with the documents,
materials and papers relevant to the Buyback;
ii. all the legal requirements connected with the said offer including the SEBI (Buyback of Securities)
Regulations, 2018, as amended, have been duly complied with;
iii. the disclosures in the Public Announcement and the Draft Letter of Offer are, to the best of our
knowledge, true, fair and adequate in all material respects for the Eligible Sellers to make a well‐
informed decision in respect of the captioned Buyback;
iv. funds used for Buyback shall be as per the provisions of the “Companies Act, 2013.”
The filing of the Draft Letter of Offer with SEBI, does not, however, absolve the Company from any
liability under the provisions of the Companies Act or from the requirement of obtaining such
statutory or other clearances as may be required for the purpose of the proposed Buyback.
The Directors/ Promoters declare and confirm that no information or material likely to have a
bearing on the decision of Eligible Sellers has been suppressed, withheld and/ or incorporated in a
manner that would amount to misstatement or misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring
at any point of time that any information or material has been suppressed or withheld, or amounts
to a misstatement or misrepresentation, the Promoters and Directors and the Company shall be
liable for penalty in terms of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations.
The Directors/ Promoters, also declare and confirm that, funds borrowed, if any, from banks and
financial institutions will not be used for the Buyback.
Disclaimer for Persons from the United States of America:
The information contained in this Letter of Offer is exclusively intended for persons who are not US
Persons as such term is defined in Regulations of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
who are not physically present in the United States of America. This Letter of Offer does not in any
way constitute an offer to sell, or an invitation to sell, any securities in the United States of America
or in any other jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the information contained
in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such
restrictions.
Disclaimer for Persons in foreign countries other than the United States of America:
This Letter of Offer does not in any way constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to sell, any
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or invitation is not authorized or to any person to
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Potential users of the information contained
in this Letter of Offer are requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such
restrictions.
Important Notice to All Shareholders
This Letter of Offer has been prepared for the purposes of compliance with the Buyback Regulations.
Accordingly, the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been
disclosed if this document had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of any
jurisdiction outside of India. The Company and the Manager to the Buyback are under no obligation
to update the information contained herein at any time after the date of the Letter of Offer. This
Letter of Offer shall be dispatched to all Shareholders whose names appear on the register of
members of the Company, as of the Record Date. However, receipt of this Letter of Offer by any
Shareholders in a jurisdiction in which it would be illegal to make this Tender Offer, or where making
this Tender Offer would require any action to be taken (including, but not restricted to, registration
of this Letter of Offer under any local securities laws), shall not be treated by such Shareholders as
8

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
an offer being made to them. Potential users of the information contained in this Letter of Offer are
requested to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Any Eligible Shareholder
who tenders his, her or its Equity Shares in the Buyback shall be deemed to have declared,
represented, warranted and agreed that he, she or it is authorized under the provisions of any
applicable local laws, rules, regulations and statutes to participate in the Buyback.
Forward Looking Statements:
This Letter of Offer contains certain forward‐looking statements. These forward‐looking statements
generally can be identified by words or phrases such as ‘aim’, ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘expect’,
‘estimate’, ‘intend’, ‘objective’, ‘plan’, ‘project’, ‘will’, ‘will continue’, ‘will pursue’ or other words or
phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe our strategies, objectives, plans or
goals are also forward‐looking statements. All forward‐looking statements are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions about the Company that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward‐looking statement. Actual results may
differ materially from those suggested by forward‐looking statements due to risks or uncertainties
associated with expectations relating to, inter alia, regulatory changes pertaining to the industries in
India in which we operate and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement
our strategy, our growth and expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks,
general economic and political conditions in India which have an impact on its business activities or
investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of India, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of
the financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes and
changes in competition in the industries in which the Company operates.
Certain figures contained in this Letter of Offer, including financial information, have been subject to
rounding‐off adjustments. All decimals have been rounded off to two decimal points. In certain
instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total
figure given; and (ii) the sum of the numbers in a column or row in certain tables may not conform
exactly to the total figure given for that column or row.
Currency and Unit of Presentation: In this Letter of Offer, references to “₹” and “Rupees” are to
Indian Rupees i.e. the legal currency of India. Further, all data related to financials are given in ₹
Lakhs, unless otherwise stated.
4. TEXT OF THE RESOLUTION PASSED AT THE MEETING OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Buyback through Tender Offer was considered and approved by the Board of Directors of the
Company at their meeting held on September 13, 2021. The extracts of the Board resolution are as
follows:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Article 23A of the Articles of Association of the Company and in
accordance with the provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the
Companies Act 2013 (“Companies Act”), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014
and the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, to the extent applicable
(hereinafter referred to as the “Share Capital Rules”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (“Buyback Regulations”) and the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing
Regulations”), each as amended (including any statutory modifications or re‐enactments that may
be introduced) from time to time, subject to approvals, permissions and sanctions of Securities and
Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), Registrar of Companies, Mumbai, Maharashtra (the “ROC”) and/ or
other authorities, institutions or bodies, as may be applicable (the “Appropriate Authorities”) and
subject to such conditions and modifications, if any, as may be prescribed or imposed by the
appropriate authorities while granting such approvals, permissions and sanctions, which may be
9

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
agreed by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which
expression shall include any committee constituted by the Board to exercise its powers, including
the powers conferred by this resolution), and subject to the approval of the shareholders of the
Company by way of special resolution, the consent of the Board be and is hereby accorded for the
Buyback by the Company of its up to 3,80,000 fully paid‐up equity shares of face value of `10/‐
(Indian Rupees Ten) each ("Equity Shares"), at a price of `1200/‐ (Rupees One Thousand Two
Hundred Only) per Equity Share (“Buyback Price”) payable in cash for an aggregate consideration
not exceeding ` 45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty Five Crores and Sixty Lakhs Only) (excluding
Transaction Costs such as securities transaction tax, GST, stamp duty, filing fees, advisors’ fees,
brokerage, public announcement expenses, printing and dispatch expenses, applicable taxes and
other incidental and related expenses (hereinafter referred to as “Transaction Costs”) (“Buyback
Size”), representing approximately 19.35% and 10.05% of the aggregate of the total paid‐up equity
share capital and free reserves of the Company based on the audited standalone and consolidated
financial statements of the Company respectively as at March 31, 2021 (being the date of the last
audited financial statements of the Company), which is not exceeding 25% of the aggregate of the
paid‐up share capital and free reserves as per audited standalone financial statements and audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company as on March 31, 2021, to be sourced out of the
free reserves of the Company (retained earnings) and/or such other source as may be permitted by
the Buyback Regulations or the Act or any other applicable law for the time being in force, from the
members of the Company as on the record date, on a proportionate basis, through the Tender Offer
route under the Stock Exchange mechanism as prescribed under the Buyback Regulations, as
amended from time‐to‐time (“Buyback”) and the Buyback Size is excluding Transaction Costs
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company, to the extent legally permissible, do hereby implement the
Buyback using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange” notified by SEBI
vide circular CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/1/2015 dated April 13, 2015 read with circular
CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2016/131 dated December 9, 2016 and circular CFD/DCR‐III/CIR/P/2021/615 dated
August 13, 2021, including any amendments or statutory modifications for the time being in force
(“SEBI Circulars”) and approach the Stock Exchange(s), as required to facilitate the process.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all the shareholders of the Company will be eligible to participate in the
Buyback including promoters and promoter group of the Company (including members thereof) and
their associates who hold Equity Shares as of the Record Date, persons in control (including such
persons acting in concert) who hold Equity Shares as of the Record Date.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company may Buyback Equity Shares from all the existing Members
holding Equity Shares of the Company on a proportionate basis, provided that 15% (fifteen percent)
of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback or number of Equity Shares
entitled as per the shareholding of small shareholders as on the record date, whichever is higher,
shall be reserved for the small shareholders, as prescribed under Regulation 6 of the Buyback
Regulations.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback from the shareholders who are residents outside India
including Foreign Corporate Bodies (including erstwhile Overseas Corporate Bodies), Foreign
Institutional Investors/Foreign Portfolio Investors, Non‐Resident Indians and shareholders of foreign
nationality shall be subject to such approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned
authorities including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) under the Foreign Exchange
Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations framed thereunder, provided that such
approvals shall be required to be taken by such non‐resident shareholders.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Buyback would be subject to the condition of maintaining minimum
public shareholding requirements as specified in Regulation 38 of the Listing Regulations.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of Regulation 24(iii) of the Buyback Regulations, Mr. Pankaj
Parkhiya, Company Secretary, be and is hereby appointed as the Compliance Officer for the purpose
of proposed Buyback.
10

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board hereby confirms that it has made a full enquiry into the
affairs and prospects of the Company and has formed the opinion in terms of clause (x) of
Schedule I of Buyback Regulations::
a) that immediately following the date on which the meeting of the board of directors is convened,
i.e. September 13, 2021, and following the date on which the results of the shareholders’
resolution will be declared (“Postal Ballot Resolution”), approving the Buyback, there will be no
grounds on which the Company could be found unable to pay its debts;
b) that as regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date on which
the meeting of the board of directors is convened, i.e. Monday, September 13, 2021, as well as
for the year immediately following the date on which the result of the Members resolution
passed by way of Postal Ballot (“Postal Ballot Resolution”) will be declared, approving the
Buyback; that, having regard to the Board’s intentions with respect to the management of the
Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of the financial resources
which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that year, the Company will
be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be rendered insolvent within
a period of one year from the date of both the Board meeting, i.e. Monday, September 13, 2021,
or within a period of one year from the date on which the results of the Postal Ballot resolution
with regard to the proposed Buyback are declared, as the case may be; and
c) that in forming an opinion for the above purposes, the Board has taken into account the
liabilities (including prospective and contingent liabilities) as if the Company were being wound
up under the provisions of the Companies Act 1956, Companies Act, 2013 or the Insolvency and
Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as amended from time to time, as applicable
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Auditors certificate as placed before the Board be and is hereby noted
and draft Declaration of Solvency prepared in the prescribed form and supporting affidavit and other
documents, placed before the meeting be and are hereby approved and Mr. Rashesh Manhar
Bhansali, Executive Chairman, and Mr. Anmol Rashesh Bhansali, Whole Time Director, be and are
hereby jointly authorized to sign the same, for and on behalf of the Board and file the same with the
Registrar of Companies and the Securities and Exchange Board of India and/or any other Appropriate
Authorities, as may be required in accordance with applicable law.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT confirmation is hereby made by the Board that:
(a) all Equity Shares of the Company for the Buyback are fully paid up;
(b) the Company shall not issue any equity shares or other securities (including by way of bonus)
till the date of expiry of the Buyback period;
(c) except in discharge of its subsisting obligations, the Company shall not raise further capital for
a period of one year from the expiry of the Buyback period, as may be applicable in
accordance with the Buyback Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 or any circulars or
notifications issued by SEBI in connection therewith;
(d) there are no defaults subsisting in repayment of deposits or interest thereon, redemption of
debentures or interest thereon or redemption of preference shares or payment of dividend or
repayment of any term loans or interest payable thereon to any shareholder or financial
institution or banking company, as the case may be
(e) that the Company has been in compliance with Sections 92, 123, 127 and 129 of the
Companies Act read with relevant rules thereunder;
11

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
(f) in accordance with the Buyback Regulations read with relevant provisions of Companies Act,
the Company shall not make further issue of the same kind of shares or other specified
securities including by way of allotment of new shares under Section 62(1)(a) of the
Companies Act, 2013, within a period of one year after the expiry of the Buyback period
except by way of a bonus issue or in discharge of subsisting obligations such as conversion of
warrants, stock option schemes, sweat equity or conversion of preference shares or
debentures into Equity Shares;
(g) the Company shall not buyback its Equity Shares from any person through negotiated deal
whether on or off the stock exchanges or through spot transactions or through any private
arrangement in the implementation of the Buyback;
(h) there are no pending schemes of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to
the Companies Act ("Scheme") involving the Company, and no public announcement of the
Buyback shall be made during pendency of any such Scheme;
(i) in accordance with Section 68(2) of the Companies Act, the Maximum Buyback Size of `
45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty Five Crores and Sixty Lakhs Only), does not exceed 25% of the
aggregate of the total paid‐up capital and free reserves of the Company as per the latest
audited standalone and consolidated balance sheet of the Company respectively as at March
31, 2021;
(j) the maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be purchased under the Buyback, up to
3,80,000 (1.71%), does not exceed 25% of the total number of Equity Shares in the paid‐up
Equity Share capital as per the latest audited standalone and consolidated balance sheet of the
Company as at March 31, 2021;
(k) the ratio of the aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company to the paid‐
up Equity Share capital and free reserves of the Company after the Buyback shall be less than
or equal to 2:1 based on latest audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of
the Company respectively as at March 31, 2021; and
(l) the Company shall not make any further offer of Buyback within a period of one year reckoned
from the date of closure of the Buyback;
(m) the Company shall not directly or indirectly purchase its Equity Shares through any subsidiary
company including its own subsidiary companies or through any investment company or group
of investment companies.
(n) the Company shall not withdraw the Buyback after the draft letter of offer is filed with SEBI or
the public announcement of the offer to Buyback is made;
(o) the Company shall comply with the statutory and regulatory timelines in respect of the
Buyback, on the terms and conditions as may be decided by the Board and in such manner as
prescribed under the Companies Act, the Buyback Regulations and any other applicable laws;
(p) the Company shall transfer from its free reserves a sum equal to the nominal value of the
equity shares purchased through the Buyback to the Capital Redemption Reserve Account and
the details of such transfer shall be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements;
(q) the Company shall not buyback locked‐in shares and non‐transferable shares or other
specified securities till the pendency of the lock‐in or till the shares or other specified
securities become transferable;
12

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
(r) the Buyback shall not result in the delisting of the Equity Shares from the stock exchanges;
(s) the consideration for the Equity Shares bought back by the Company shall be paid only by way
of cash, through normal banking channels;
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT no information and material that is likely to have a bearing on the
decision of investors has been suppressed or withheld and/or incorporated in the manner that
would amount to a mis‐statement or misrepresentation and in the event of it transpiring at any
point of time that any information/material has been suppressed or withheld and/or amounts to a
mis‐statement or misrepresentation, the Board and the Company shall be liable for penalty in terms
of the provisions of the Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a committee of the Board be and is hereby constituted for the purposes
of the proposed Buyback (“Buyback Committee”), comprising of
1) Rashesh Manhar Bhansali‐Executive Chairman
2) Anmol Rashesh Bhansali‐ Whole Time Director
3) Pankaj Parkhiya‐ Company Secretary
who are hereby jointly and severally authorised to do or cause to be done all such acts, deeds,
matters and things and execute and sign all such documents and papers and provide all such
information and confirmations, as may be necessary for the implementation of the Buyback,
including but not limited to:
(a) seeking all regulatory approvals, if any, including of SEBI and the Reserve Bank of India for
implementing the Buyback;
(b) deciding and announcing the Record Date for the purpose of Buyback;
(c) appointing, authorizing, entering into agreements with and issuing necessary instructions to the
investor service centre and escrow agent;
(d) opening one or more bank accounts, including an escrow account, depository account and
special escrow account as required, and entering into agreements with and to give instructions
to the bankers in connection therewith;
(e) finalizing the terms and timeline of the Buyback including the entitlement ratio, opening date
and closing date of the offer period and the timeframe for completing the Buyback and re‐
affirming declaration of solvency as and when required;
(f) deciding and appointing BSE Limited and/or the National Stock Exchange of India Limited as
designated stock exchange(s) for the Buyback;
(g) depositing and/or instructing the deposit of the requisite amount into escrow account and
finalizing the composition/combination of such deposit into escrow account in accordance with
the provisions of Regulation 9 of the Buyback Regulations (including cash deposit or arranging
for bank guarantee including the amounts of the cash deposit and the bank guarantee) and the
escrow agreement entered into with the escrow agent;
(h) preparing, finalizing, dating, approving, modifying, signing (in accordance with applicable law),
issuing, re‐issuing and filing with the appropriate statutory/other authorities the public
announcement, draft letter of offer, letter of offer and all other documents, resolutions,
advertisements, confirmations, intimations and declarations, and the certificate for
extinguishment and physical destruction of shares certificates, if any, and other documents
13

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
required in connection with the Buyback upon receiving the requisite shareholder approval for
the Buyback, and causing the declaration of solvency and supporting affidavit to be executed in
accordance with applicable law and such alterations, additions, omissions, variations,
amendments or corrections will be deemed to have been approved by the Board of Directors;
(i) taking all actions to verify offers and acceptances received, finalize the basis of acceptance, pay
the shareholders consideration for shares bought back, approve split of physical share
certificates and transfer of shares, extinguish dematerialised shares and ensure the physical
destruction of the share certificates with respect to the Equity Shares bought back by the
Company;
(j) uploading all required information such as details of the Equity Shares bought back on the
website and filing the same with the stock exchanges as required under applicable law;
(k) settling and resolving any queries raised by SEBI, stock exchanges, Registrar of Companies and
any other authorities whatsoever in connection to any matter incidental to and ancillary of the
Buyback;
(l) creating and maintaining requisite statutory registers and records as required under the
Companies Act and to furnish appropriate returns to the appropriate authorities;
(m) closing the Buyback and completing all the required formalities as specified under the
Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and the Listing Regulations and other applicable laws;
(n) altering, modifying, amending the appointment/engagement and terms and conditions
(including terms pertaining to remuneration/payment of commission, brokerage fees and
charges) of the intermediaries and other third parties appointed for the Buyback;
(o) obtaining all necessary certificates and reports from statutory auditors and other third parties as
required under applicable law,
(p) doing such other acts, deeds, matters or things, and executing such documents, forms, letters,
confirmations, including the execution of documents under common seal of the Company as
may be required, and taking all steps as may be necessary to sign, submit and file all necessary
forms, letters, applications, e‐forms and other documents as may be necessary or desirable in
connection with or incidental to the Buyback or as they may in their absolute discretion, deem
necessary, expedient, usual or proper or are necessary, expedient, usual or proper with regard
to the implementation in connection with or in furtherance of the Buyback; and
(q) delegating all or any of the authorities conferred above to any other Director(s) or Executive(s)
or Officer(s) of the Company as may be necessary to give effect to the aforesaid resolutions.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the quorum for any meeting of the Buyback Committee for implementing
the Buyback shall be any two members of the Buyback Committee.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT nothing contained herein shall confer any right on any shareholder to
offer and/ or any obligation on the Company or the Board or the Buyback Committee to Buyback any
shares and / or impair any power of the Company or the Board or the Buyback Committee to
terminate any process in relation to such Buyback, if so permissible by Law.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Company do maintain a register of shares bought back wherein
details of Equity Shares bought back, consideration paid for the Equity Shares bought back, date of
cancellation of Equity Shares and date of extinguishing and physically destroying of Equity Shares
and such other particulars as may be prescribed, shall be entered and that the Company Secretary of
14

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
the Company be and is hereby severally authorised to authenticate the entries made in the said
register.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolutions, Mr. Rashesh M.
Bhansali, Executive Chairman, Mr. Anmol R. Bhansali, Whole‐time Director and Mr. Pankaj Parkhiya,
Company Secretary, be and are hereby severally authorized to sign, execute and deliver such other
documents, deeds and writings and to do all such acts, matters and things as it may, in its absolute
discretion deem necessary, expedient or proper, to be in the best interest of the shareholders for
the implementation of the Buyback, and to initiate all necessary actions for preparation and issue of
various documents and such other undertakings, agreements, papers, documents and
correspondence as may be necessary for the implementation of the Buyback to the SEBI, ROC, stock
exchanges, depositories and/or other Appropriate Authorities and to exercise such powers, and to
do all such acts, deeds, things and matters as may be required or considered necessary, or incidental
thereto and to settle any question(s) or difficulty or doubt(s) that may arise in connection therewith
in the manner it may deem fit and appropriate.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT a copy of this resolution duly certified to be true by any of the Director(s)
or Company Secretary or any other person as may be authorized by the Board be issued to any
authority(ies) or party(ies) as may be necessary.”
5. DETAILS OF THE PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT
The Public Announcement dated October 14, 2021, was published in the following newspapers, in
accordance with Regulation 7 of the Buyback Regulations on October 18, 2021 which is within 2
(two) working days from the date of declaration of results of the postal ballot for special resolution
i.e., October 13, 2021
Publication Language Edition
Financial Express English All
Financial Express Gujarati Ahmedabad Edition
Jansatta Hindi All
Mumbai Lakshadeep Marathi Mumbai Edition
The Company will publish further notices or corrigenda, if any, in the abovementioned newspapers.
A copy of the Public Announcement is available on the Company’s website (www.goldiaherinm.com)
and is expected to be available on the website of SEBI (www.sebi.gov.in) and on the website of Stock
Exchanges i.e., www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com.
6. DETAILS OF THE BUYBACK
6.1. The Board of Directors (the “Board”, which expression includes the any committee constituted by
the Board to exercise the powers, including the powers conferred by the resolution) of Goldiam
International Limited (the “Company”) at its meeting held on September 13, 2021 (“Board
Meeting”) approved the proposal of Buyback up to 3,80,000 (Three Lakhs Eighty Thousand) fully‐
paid‐up Equity Shares of face value ₹10/‐ each, at a price of ₹1200/‐ per equity share (“Buyback
Price”) for an amount not exceeding ₹45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty‐Five Crores Sixty Lakhs Only )
(“Buyback Size”) (excluding Transaction Costs) from the equity shareholders of the Company as on
October 27, 2021 (“Record Date”) (“Eligible Shareholders”) (for further details on the Record Date,
refer to paragraph 19.5 of this Letter of Offer), on a proportionate basis through the “Tender Offer”
route in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Companies Act” or “the Act”)
and, the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 (the “Share Capital Rules”), the
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (the “Management Rules”) and in
15

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
compliance with the Buyback Regulations (“Buyback Offer” or “Buyback”) and, subject to approval
of the Equity Shareholders of the Company. The Board of Directors at their meeting approved the
Postal Ballot Notice dated September 13, 2021 (“Postal Ballot Notice”), to seek the approval of the
Shareholders of the Company for the Buyback, through a Special Resolution, on a proportionate
basis (subject to the reservation for small shareholders), through the tender offer process pursuant
to Articles of Association of the Company and in accordance with Sections 68, 69, 70 and 110 and all
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, the Share Capital Rules, the Management
Rules, and the Buyback Regulations. The Buyback is subject to receipt of any approvals of lenders,
statutory, regulatory, or governmental authorities as may be required under applicable laws,
including the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the SEBI, and the Stock Exchanges on which the Equity
Shares of the Company are listed, namely, National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and BSE
Limited (“BSE”) (hereinafter together referred to as the “Stock Exchanges”).
6.2. Since the Buyback is more than 10% of the total paid‐up equity share capital and free reserves of the
Company, in terms of Section 68(2)(b) of the Act, the Board had sought approval of the Shareholders
of the Company for the Buyback, by way of a special resolution. The results of the Postal Ballot
Resolution were announced on October 13, 2021 (“Shareholders’ Approval”). The Shareholders of
the Company approved the “Buyback” by way of a special resolution, through postal ballot only by
voting through electronic means (“remote evoting”) pursuant to a Postal Ballot Notice dated
September 13, 2021.
6.3. In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Buyback Size is ₹45,60,00,000/‐
(Rupees Forty‐Five Crores and Sixty Lakhs Only) which represents 1.71% of the fully paid up equity
share capital and 19.35% and 10.05% of the aggregate fully paid‐up share capital and free reserves
as per audited standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements of the
Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2021, respectively (the last audited financial
statement available as on the date of Board Meeting approving the Buyback) and is within the
statutory limit of 25% of the fully paid‐up equity share capital and free reserves as per the last
audited financial statement of the Company. Further, under the Companies Act, the number of
equity share that can be bought back in any financial year cannot exceed 25% of the total paid‐up
equity share capital of the Company in that financial year. Since the Company proposes to Buyback
up to 3,80,000 equity shares representing 1.71% of the total paid up equity share capital of the
Company, the same is within the aforesaid 25% limit.
6.4. The Buyback price is ₹1200/‐ per equity share. The Buyback Price has been arrived at after
considering various factors including, but not limited to the trends in the volume weighted average
market prices of the Equity Shares on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India
Limited (“NSE”) where the Equity Shares are listed, the net worth of the Company, price earnings
ratio, impact on other financial parameters and the possible impact of Buyback on the earnings per
Share.
6.5. The Buyback is proposed to be undertaken through the through the “tender offer” route as
prescribed under the Buyback Regulations and the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through
Stock Exchange” notified by SEBI Circulars. The Buyback shall be undertaken on a proportionate
basis from the Eligible Shareholders as of Record Date through the tender offer process prescribed
under Regulation 4(iv)(a) of the Buyback Regulations. Please refer to Paragraph 19 below for further
details regarding the Record Date and shareholders’ entitlement to tender the Equity Shares in the
Buyback. For the purpose of this Buyback, BSE has been appointed as designated stock exchange
(the “Designated Stock Exchange”). The Company will request BSE to provide the separate
Acquisition Window to facilitate placing of bid by Eligible Sellers who wish to tender Equity Shares in
the Buyback
16

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
6.6. The aggregate shareholding of the promoter and promoter group of the Company (the “Promoter
and Promoter Group”) and persons acting in concert as on the date of publication of the Public
Announcement is as follows:
Sr.no Name of Shareholder No. of Shares held Percentage (%)
1 Rashesh Manhar Bhansali 1,00,00,000 45.10
2 Anmol Rashesh Bhansali 36,00,000 16.23
3 Shobhnaben Manharkumar Bhansali 10,94,672 4.94
4 Ami Rashesh Bhansali Nil Not Applicable
5 Tulsi Gupta Nil Not Applicable
Total 1,46,94,672 66.27
6.7. The aggregate shareholding of the directors of companies, which are part of the Promoter and
Promoter Group as on the date of publication of the Public Announcement is as follows: Not
Applicable
6.8. Details of the aggregate shareholding of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the
Company as on the date of publication of the Public Announcement is as follows:
Name of Directors or Key No. of Percentage
Sr.no Category
Managerial Personnel Shares held (%)
1 Rashesh Manhar Bhansali Executive Chairman 1,00,00,000 45.10
2 Anmol Rashesh Bhansali Whole Time Director 36,00,000 16.23
3 Independent Non‐
Ajay M. Khatlawala 1000 0.01
Executive Director
4 Darshana Faldu Chief Financial Officer 1 0.00
Total 1,36,01,001 61.34
6.9. In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoter and Promoter
Group of the Company have the option to participate in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoters
and Promoter Group of the Company, have expressed their intention vide their letters dated
September 13, 2021, to participate in the Buyback and the details of maximum shares to be
tendered is as given below:
Number of equity shares
Sr.no Name of Shareholder No. of Shares held
intended to tender up to
1 Rashesh Manhar Bhansali 1,00,00,000 1,68,000
2 Anmol Rashesh Bhansali 36,00,000 60,500
3 Shobhnaben Manharkumar Bhansali 10,94,672 18,500
TOTAL 1,46,94,672 2,47,000
6.10. The Promoter and Promoter Group of the Company hold 66.27% of Equity Shares in the total
outstanding equity share capital of the Company. The Buyback will not result in any benefit to the
Promoters and Promoter Group or any Directors of the Company except to the extent of the cash
consideration received by them from the Company pursuant to their respective participation in the
Buyback in their capacity as equity shareholders of the Company, and the change in their
shareholding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity
Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital of the Company post Buyback. Please
refer to Paragraph 13.6 of this Letter of Offer for further details regarding shareholding (pre and
post buyback) of the Promoters and Promoter Group in the Company.
17

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
7. AUTHORITY FOR THE BUYBACK
7.1. The Buyback is in accordance with Article 23 A of the Articles of Association of the Company and the
provisions of Sections 68, 69, 70 and 110 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies
Act, 2013 (the “Act”), the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, the Companies
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, including any amendments, statutory modifications
or re‐enactments thereof, for the time being in force and in compliance with the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (the “Buyback Regulations”).
7.2. The Board of Directors of Goldiam International Limited (the “Company”) at its meeting held on
September 13, 2021 (“Board Meeting”) approved the proposal of Buyback up to 3,80,000 (Three
Lakh and Eighty Thousand) fully‐paid‐up Equity Shares of face value ₹10/‐ each, at a price of ₹1200/‐
per share for an amount not exceeding ₹45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty Five Crore and Sixty Lakh only)
from the equity shareholders of the Company as on the Record Date, on a proportionate basis through
the “Tender Offer”. The Buyback Size of ₹45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty‐Five Crore and Sixty Lakh only)
(excluding Transaction Costs). The Board of Directors at their meeting approved the Postal Ballot
Notice dated September 13, 2021 (“Postal Ballot Notice”), to seek the approval of the Shareholders
of the Company for the Buyback, through a Special Resolution. The Shareholders of the Company
have approved the Buyback by way of a special resolution, through the postal ballot, the results of
which were announced on October 13, 2021. The Buyback is subject to such other approvals and
permissions, as may be required from statutory, regulatory or governmental authorities under
applicable laws.
8. NECESSITY OF THE BUYBACK
8.1. Buyback is being undertaken by the Company to return surplus funds to its equity shareholders
which are over and above its ordinary capital requirements and in excess of any current investment
plans, in an expedient, effective and cost‐ efficient manner.
The Buyback is undertaken for the following reasons:
i. The Company believes that the strong future and outlook of its business activities, is not
accurately reflected in the prevailing market price, thereby giving an opportunity for Buyback to
create long‐term value for its shareholders.
ii. The Buyback would help in improving financial ratios like earnings per share and return on equity,
by reducing the equity base of the Company; and thereby, enhancing the overall return to
shareholders.
iii. The Buyback gives the Eligible equity shareholders the choice to either (A) participate in the
Buyback and receive cash in lieu of Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback or (B) not to
participate in the Buyback and enjoy a resultant increase in their percentage shareholding in the
Company post the Buyback, without additional investment.
9. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS AND THE LIKELY IMPACT OF BUYBACK ON THE
COMPANY
9.1. We believe that the Buyback is not likely to cause any impact on the profitability or earnings of the
Company, except to the extent of reduction in the amount available for investment, which the
Company could have otherwise deployed towards generating investment income. Assuming there is
full participation in the Buyback, the funds deployed by the Company towards the Buyback
(excluding Transaction Costs) would be ₹45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty‐Five Crore and Sixty Lakhs
only). This shall impact the investment income earned by the Company, on account of reduced
amount of funds available for investments.
18

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
9.2. We believe that the Buyback will not in any manner impair the ability of the Company to pursue
growth opportunities or meet its cash requirements for business operations. The Buyback is being
undertaken, inter alia, for helping the Company to return surplus cash to the Eligible Shareholders
broadly in proportion to their shareholding, thereby, enhancing the overall return to the Equity
Shareholders.
9.3. The Buyback will not result in a change in control or otherwise affect the existing management
structure of the Company.
9.4. The aggregate shareholding of the promoter and promoter group of the Company (the “Promoter
and Promoter Group”) and persons acting in concert as on the date of publication of the Public
Announcement is as follows::
Sr.no Name of Shareholder No. of Shares held Percentage (%)
1 Rashesh Manhar Bhansali 1,00,00,000 45.10
2 Anmol Rashesh Bhansali 36,00,000 16.23
3 Shobhnaben Manharkumar Bhansali 10,94,672 4.94
4 Ami Rashesh Bhansali Nil Not Applicable
5 Tulsi Gupta Nil Not Applicable
Total 1,46,94,672 66.27
9.5. In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the Tender Offer route, the Promoter and Promoter
Group of the Company have the option to participate in the Buyback. In this regard, the Promoters
and Promoter Group of the Company, have expressed their intention vide their letters dated
September 13, 2021, to participate in the Buyback and the details of maximum shares to be
tendered is as given below:
Number of equity shares
Sr.no Name of Shareholder No. of Shares held
intended to tender up to
1 Rashesh Manhar Bhansali 1,00,00,000 1,68,000
2 Anmol Rashesh Bhansali 36,00,000 60,500
3 Shobhnaben Manharkumar Bhansali 10,94,672 18,500
TOTAL 1,46,94,672 2,47,000
The date and price of the acquisition and other details of the equity shares held by the Promoters
/Promoter Group Members who are intending to tender their shares are as follows:
i) Rashesh Manhar Bhansali:
Number of Face Value Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per
Equity per share Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share)
Shares (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
16‐09‐88 Purchase 4,000 100 100 4,00,000 Cash
20‐04‐89 Transfer 8,000 100 100 8,00,000 Cash
22‐05‐89 Purchase 1,900 100 100 1,90,000 Cash
28‐02‐91 Purchase 18,000 100 100 18,00,000 Cash
30‐03‐93 Purchase 17,400 100 100 17,40,000 Cash
24‐08‐94 Split face of
4,93,000 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
value of
19

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Face Value Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per
Equity per share Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share)
Shares (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
`100/‐ per
share to `10/‐
per share
24‐09‐94 Issue of
Bonus shares
7,39,500 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
in the ratio of
3:2
08‐02‐95 Transfer (38,600) 50 10 19,30,000 Cash
12‐07‐96 Purchase 200 18.20 10 3,640 Cash
12‐07‐96 Purchase 500 19.30 10 9,650 Cash
12‐07‐96 Purchase 500 18.25 10 9,125 Cash
15‐07‐96 Purchase 500 18.80 10 9,400 Cash
15‐07‐96 Purchase 200 18.55 10 3,710 Cash
16‐07‐96 Purchase 200 18.90 10 3,780 Cash
18‐07‐96 Purchase 3,400 20.30 10 69,020 Cash
22‐07‐96 Purchase 900 19.00 10 17,100 Cash
06‐08‐96 Purchase 600 19.80 10 11,880 Cash
07‐08‐96 Purchase 500 19.80 10 9,900 Cash
07‐08‐96 Purchase 200 20.05 10 4,010 Cash
08‐08‐96 Purchase 500 19.30 10 9,650 Cash
08‐08‐96 Purchase 500 19.55 10 9,775 Cash
09‐08‐96 Purchase 100 19.30 10 1,930 Cash
02‐09‐96 Purchase 1,700 19.00 10 32,300 Cash
22‐07‐99 Purchase 103,600 25.00 10 25,90,000 Cash
01‐02‐00 Purchase 56,000 80.00 10 44,80,000 Cash
16‐04‐01 Purchase 60,000 50.00 10 30,00,000 Cash
17‐08‐01 Purchase 7,500 32.33 10 2,42,475 Cash
20‐08‐01 Purchase 200 32.08 10 6,416 Cash
23‐08‐01 Purchase 575 32.08 10 18,446 Cash
24‐08‐01 Purchase 7,500 32.32 10 2,42,400 Cash
27‐08‐01 Purchase 17,500 32.33 10 5,65,775 Cash
28‐08‐01 Purchase 7,500 32.33 10 2,42,475 Cash
29‐08‐01 Purchase 10,000 32.32 10 3,23,200 Cash
04‐09‐01 Purchase 12,000 32.00 10 3,84,000 Cash
06‐09‐01 Purchase 7,500 32.33 10 2,42,475 Cash
07‐09‐01 Purchase 7,202 32.33 10 2,32,841 Cash
10‐09‐01 Purchase 130 32.27 10 4,195 Cash
11‐09‐01 Purchase 150 32.33 10 4,850 Cash
24‐09‐01 Purchase 2915 32.00 10 93,280 Cash
04‐10‐01 Purchase 650 26.47 10 17,206 Cash
08‐10‐01 Purchase 450 26.02 10 11,709 Cash
09‐10‐01 Purchase 35 26.88 10 941 Cash
02‐09‐02 Bonus 1:1 1,505,807 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
17‐02‐04 Purchase 88,386 50.24 10 44,40,513 Cash
26‐08‐05 Bonus 1:1 3,100,000 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
21‐04‐06 Purchase 6,068 149.00 10 9,04,132 Cash
30‐04‐06 Purchase 10,000 153.00 10 15,30,000 Cash
26‐06‐06 Purchase 23,932 120.00 10 28,71,840 Cash
27‐06‐06 Purchase 10,000 119.00 10 11,90,000 Cash
10‐07‐06 Purchase 10962 99.00 10 10,85,238 Cash
20

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Face Value Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per
Equity per share Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share)
Shares (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
01‐08‐06 Purchase 9497 100.00 10 9,49,700 Cash
21‐09‐06 Purchase 8,830 118.00 10 10,41,940 Cash
25‐09‐06 Purchase 9,353 119.00 10 11,13,007 Cash
26‐09‐06 Purchase 10,080 117.00 10 11,79,360 Cash
27‐09‐06 Purchase 179 119.00 10 2,1301 Cash
27‐11‐06 Purchase 57,437 117.00 10 67,20,129 Cash
30‐11‐06 Purchase 25,000 123.00 10 30,75,000 Cash
07‐02‐07 Sale (848,901) 168.00 10 (14,26,15,368) Cash
24‐08‐07 Purchase 15,000 70.75 10 10,61,250 Cash
06‐03‐09 Sale (100,000) 11.50 10 (11,50,000) Cash
09‐03‐09 Sale (97,437) 11.50 10 (11,20,526) Cash
13‐06‐11 Purchase 100 33.03 10 3,303 Cash
13‐06‐11 Purchase 1,100 33.04 10 36,344 Cash
14‐06‐11 Purchase 3,859 34.98 10 1,34,973 Cash
14‐06‐11 Purchase 2,980 34.93 10 1,04,089 Cash
16‐06‐11 Purchase 7,501 35.04 10 2,62,835 Cash
20‐06‐11 Purchase 14,374 35.04 10 5,03,665 Cash
21‐06‐11 Purchase 831 35.04 10 29,118 Cash
22‐06‐11 Purchase 3,275 35.04 10 1,14,756 Cash
23‐06‐11 Purchase 701 35.04 10 24,563 Cash
19‐07‐11 Purchase 450 35.04 10 15,768 Cash
22‐07‐11 Purchase 14,729 36.03 10 530733 Cash
22‐07‐11 Purchase 100 36.04 10 3,604 Cash
22‐08‐11 Purchase 6,030 25.62 10 1,54,496 Cash
22‐08‐11 Purchase 1,914 25.95 10 49,664 Cash
23‐08‐11 Purchase 5,000 32.06 10 1,60,317 Cash
23‐08‐11 Purchase 5,879 32.08 10 1,88,598 Cash
23‐08‐11 Purchase 5,000 30.61 10 1,53,048 Cash
23‐08‐11 Purchase 2,500 32.27 10 80,668 Cash
23‐08‐11 Purchase 8,508 32.28 10 2,74,637 Cash
24‐08‐11 Purchase 7,500 34.44 10 2,58,303 Cash
24‐08‐11 Purchase 4,475 35.14 10 1,57,252 Cash
24‐08‐11 Purchase 3,193 34.39 10 1,09,792 Cash
06‐09‐11 Purchase 845 30.97 10 26,170 Cash
07‐09‐11 Purchase 2,155 33.21 10 71,563 Cash
07‐09‐11 Purchase 71 34.04 10 2,417 Cash
07‐09‐11 Purchase 300 34.34 10 10,303 Cash
07‐09‐11 Purchase 1,000 33.75 10 33,753 Cash
07‐09‐11 Purchase 2,381 34.02 10 81,001 Cash
07‐09‐11 Purchase 300 34.83 10 10,449 Cash
07‐09‐11 Purchase 2,948 34.03 10 1,00,316 Cash
09‐09‐11 Purchase 5,000 34.03 10 1,70,143 Cash
09‐09‐11 Purchase 603 33.03 10 19,917 Cash
09‐09‐11 Purchase 397 33.83 10 13,431 Cash
12‐09‐11 Purchase 1,115 34.03 10 37,943 Cash
12‐09‐11 Purchase 47 34.86 10 1,638 Cash
12‐09‐11 Purchase 338 33.97 10 11,482 Cash
13‐09‐11 Purchase 33 34.73 10 1,146 Cash
13‐09‐11 Purchase 1,817 34.03 10 61,833 Cash
14‐09‐11 Purchase 2,731 34.03 10 92,936 Cash
21

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Face Value Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per
Equity per share Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share)
Shares (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
14‐09‐11 Purchase 19 34.68 10 659 Cash
15‐09‐11 Purchase 25 34.73 10 868 Cash
15‐09‐11 Purchase 1,875 34.03 10 63,806 Cash
16‐09‐11 Purchase 8,015 35.04 10 2,80,845 Cash
16‐09‐11 Purchase 5,000 35.01 10 1,75,057 Cash
16‐09‐11 Purchase 485 35.49 10 17,213 Cash
19‐09‐11 Purchase 20 35.04 10 701 Cash
19‐09‐11 Purchase 6,250 35.80 10 2,23,731 Cash
19‐09‐11 Purchase 6,230 35.86 10 2,23,420 Cash
21‐09‐11 Purchase 1,962 35.04 10 68,748 Cash
21‐09‐11 Purchase 38 35.84 10 1,362 Cash
23‐09‐11 Purchase 1,600 33.03 10 52,848 Cash
26‐09‐11 Purchase 700 33.03 10 23,121 Cash
26‐09‐11 Purchase 157 32.85 10 5,157 Cash
26‐09‐11 Purchase 300 32.56 10 9,769 Cash
26‐09‐11 Purchase 43 32.93 10 1,416 Cash
27‐09‐11 Purchase 149 33.03 10 4,922 Cash
27‐09‐11 Purchase 51 33.83 10 1,725 Cash
28‐09‐11 Purchase 117 32.03 10 3,748 Cash
29‐09‐11 Purchase 733 32.03 10 23,478 Cash
29‐09‐11 Purchase 16 31.83 10 509 Cash
30‐09‐11 Purchase 134 32.03 10 4,292 Cash
03‐10‐11 Purchase 363 32.00 10 11,617 Cash
04‐10‐11 Purchase 150 31.03 10 4,655 Cash
05‐10‐11 Purchase 3,487 31.03 10 1,08,202 Cash
07‐10‐11 Purchase 1,974 30.03 10 59,279 Cash
07‐10‐11 Purchase 26 30.78 10 800 Cash
10‐10‐11 Purchase 1,500 30.95 10 46,431 Cash
10‐10‐11 Purchase 500 31.07 10 15,533 Cash
11‐10‐11 Purchase 500 34.05 10 17,025 Cash
11‐10‐11 Purchase 500 34.79 10 17,397 Cash
12‐10‐11 Purchase 4,426 33.03 10 1,46,191 Cash
12‐10‐11 Purchase 574 34.79 10 19,967 Cash
13‐10‐11 Purchase 2,500 35.04 10 87,600 Cash
13‐10‐11 Purchase 1,250 34.03 10 42,538 Cash
13‐10‐11 Purchase 1,250 35.03 10 43,787 Cash
14‐10‐11 Purchase 99 33.53 10 3,319 Cash
14‐10‐11 Purchase 51 33.60 10 1,713 Cash
17‐10‐11 Purchase 805 33.12 10 26,661 Cash
17‐10‐11 Purchase 195 33.03 10 6,441 Cash
18‐10‐11 Purchase 1,225 32.45 10 39,750 Cash
18‐10‐11 Purchase 1,425 32.03 10 45,643 Cash
18‐10‐11 Purchase 200 33.87 10 6,774 Cash
20‐10‐11 Purchase 940 33.47 10 31,464 Cash
20‐10‐11 Purchase 60 33.03 10 1,982 Cash
21‐10‐11 Purchase 2503 33.03 10 82,674 Cash
21‐10‐11 Purchase 97 33.98 10 3,296 Cash
24‐10‐11 Purchase 987 33.03 10 32,600 Cash
24‐10‐11 Purchase 13 33.63 10 437 Cash
25‐10‐11 Purchase 1000 33.03 10 33,030 Cash
22

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Face Value Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per
Equity per share Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share)
Shares (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
26‐10‐11 Purchase 5 33.03 10 165 Cash
28‐10‐11 Purchase 7,174 33.03 10 2,36,957 Cash
14‐11‐11 Purchase 1,783 31.16 10 55,560 Cash
14‐11‐11 Purchase 417 31.11 10 12,971 Cash
15‐11‐11 Purchase 300 31.17 10 9,350 Cash
15‐11‐11 Purchase 698 31.34 10 21,875 Cash
15‐11‐11 Purchase 23 31.43 10 723 Cash
15‐11‐11 Purchase 10,000 31.53 10 3,15,299 Cash
16‐11‐11 Purchase 13,380 30.28 10 4,05,144 Cash
17‐11‐11 Purchase 5,000 30.23 10 1,51,150 Cash
17‐11‐11 Purchase 927 30.28 10 28,069 Cash
18‐11‐11 Purchase 1,237 30.27 10 37,444 Cash
18‐11‐11 Purchase 300 30.28 10 9,084 Cash
21‐11‐11 Purchase 1,450 30.53 10 44,269 Cash
21‐11‐11 Purchase 1,542 30.41 10 46,890 Cash
22‐11‐11 Purchase 10,000 30.28 10 3,02,800 Cash
22‐11‐11 Purchase 5,362 30.03 10 1,61,021 Cash
22‐11‐11 Purchase 2 32.33 10 65 Cash
23‐11‐11 Purchase 189 29.73 10 5,619 Cash
23‐11‐11 Purchase 2,811 29.86 10 83,930 Cash
24‐11‐11 Purchase 750 29.28 10 21,960 Cash
24‐11‐11 Purchase 51 29.38 10 1,498 Cash
25‐11‐11 Purchase 1,000 31.41 10 31,408 Cash
25‐11‐11 Purchase 1,000 31.48 10 31,477 Cash
13‐09‐12 Purchase 15,775 28.09 10 4,43,094 Cash
13‐09‐12 Purchase 5,952 27.99 10 1,66,623 Cash
14‐09‐12 Purchase 6,970 28.80 10 2,00,728 Cash
14‐09‐12 Purchase 6,672 28.92 10 1,92,936 Cash
17‐09‐12 Purchase 4,126 28.74 10 1,18,564 Cash
17‐09‐12 Purchase 5,267 28.87 10 1,52,081 Cash
20‐09‐12 Purchase 12,849 29.52 10 3,79,321 Cash
20‐09‐12 Purchase 11,476 29.53 10 3,38,921 Cash
24‐09‐12 Purchase 794 29.47 10 23,400 Cash
24‐09‐12 Purchase 2,198 29.80 10 65,509 Cash
25‐09‐12 Purchase 1,957 29.94 10 58,593 Cash
25‐09‐12 Purchase 1,263 30.01 10 37,908 Cash
26‐09‐12 Purchase 422 29.88 10 12,610 Cash
27‐09‐12 Purchase 180 29.87 10 5,376 Cash
28‐09‐12 Purchase 450 29.88 10 13,446 Cash
28‐09‐12 Purchase 6,114 29.86 10 1,82,576 Cash
01‐10‐12 Purchase 656 29.98 10 19,667 Cash
04‐10‐12 Purchase 1,923 29.95 10 57,585 Cash
05‐10‐12 Purchase 3,775 29.98 10 113174 Cash
09‐10‐12 Purchase 6,614 30.02 10 1,98,568 Cash
09‐10‐12 Purchase 100 29.98 10 2,998 Cash
10‐10‐12 Purchase 1,100 30.38 10 33423 Cash
10‐10‐12 Purchase 3,365 30.46 10 1,02,501 Cash
15‐10‐12 Purchase 3,538 28.03 10 99,169 Cash
16‐10‐12 Purchase 100 28.03 10 2,803 Cash
16‐04‐13 Purchase 4,996 21.90 10 1,09,429 Cash
23

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Face Value Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per
Equity per share Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share)
Shares (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
16‐04‐13 Purchase 1,007 21.73 10 21,881 Cash
17‐04‐13 Purchase 154 22.03 10 3,393 Cash
23‐04‐13 Purchase 589 22.03 10 12,976 Cash
25‐04‐13 Purchase 2,635 22.03 10 58,049 Cash
26‐04‐13 Purchase 1,789 22.03 10 39,412 Cash
03‐05‐13 Purchase 981 22.03 10 21,611 Cash
06‐05‐13 Purchase 444 22.03 10 9,781 Cash
07‐05‐13 Purchase 5,000 22.03 10 1,10,150 Cash
09‐05‐13 Purchase 4,603 22.03 10 1,01,404 Cash
10‐05‐13 Purchase 550 22.03 10 12,117 Cash
07‐06‐13 Purchase 700 19.99 10 13,996 Cash
07‐06‐13 Purchase 523 19.76 10 10,335 Cash
10‐06‐13 Purchase 45,018 20.03 10 9,01,711 Cash
11‐06‐13 Purchase 2,191 20.03 10 43,886 Cash
13‐06‐13 Purchase 299 19.53 10 5,839 Cash
14‐06‐13 Purchase 1,691 19.52 10 33,008 Cash
20‐06‐13 Purchase 5,058 19.02 10 96,200 Cash
21‐06‐13 Purchase 1,295 19.74 10 25,567 Cash
21‐06‐13 Purchase 112 19.80 10 2,218 Cash
24‐06‐13 Purchase 237 19.02 10 4,508 Cash
24‐06‐13 Purchase 990 19.24 10 19,043 Cash
25‐06‐13 Purchase 1,100 19.50 10 21,450 Cash
25‐06‐13 Purchase 1,800 19.59 10 35,265 Cash
26‐06‐13 Purchase 2,000 19.69 10 39,374 Cash
26‐06‐13 Purchase 1,510 19.74 10 29,808 Cash
27‐06‐13 Purchase 2,939 19.69 10 57,867 Cash
27‐06‐13 Purchase 425 19.68 10 8,365 Cash
02‐07‐13 Purchase 397 20.02 10 7,948 Cash
04‐07‐13 Purchase 11 19.98 10 220 Cash
04‐07‐13 Purchase 23 20.02 10 460 Cash
05‐07‐13 Purchase 3,187 21.73 10 69,262 Cash
05‐07‐13 Purchase 2,108 21.42 10 45,162 Cash
19‐07‐13 Purchase 1,427 19.90 10 28,403 Cash
19‐07‐13 Purchase 3,094 19.96 10 61,754 Cash
22‐07‐13 Purchase 3,582 21.57 10 77,271 Cash
22‐07‐13 Purchase 1,757 21.45 10 37,688 Cash
24‐07‐13 Purchase 3,466 21.66 10 75,074 Cash
24‐07‐13 Purchase 1,177 21.59 10 25,410 Cash
29‐07‐13 Purchase 950 20.02 10 19,019 Cash
30‐07‐13 Purchase 6,401 21.00 10 1,34,429 Cash
31‐07‐13 Purchase 146 21.02 10 3,069 Cash
10‐09‐13 Purchase 2,621 19.73 10 51,702 Cash
10‐09‐13 Purchase 919 19.82 10 18,210 Cash
11‐09‐13 Purchase 4,301 19.97 10 85,911 Cash
11‐09‐13 Purchase 2,093 19.19 10 40,157 Cash
12‐09‐13 Purchase 221 19.77 10 4,369 Cash
17‐09‐13 Purchase 2,397 20.21 10 48,452 Cash
17‐09‐13 Purchase 5,890 20.11 10 118,436 Cash
18‐09‐13 Purchase 3,379 20.50 10 69,285 Cash
18‐09‐13 Purchase 100 20.27 10 2,027 Cash
24

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Face Value Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per
Equity per share Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share)
Shares (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
24‐09‐13 Purchase 4,419 20.89 10 92,328 Cash
24‐09‐13 Purchase 1,990 20.76 10 41,305 Cash
25‐09‐13 Purchase 754 20.92 10 15,777 Cash
25‐09‐13 Purchase 76 20.90 10 1,588 Cash
26‐09‐13 Purchase 1,177 21.01 10 24,726 Cash
27‐09‐13 Purchase 110 21.02 10 2,312 Cash
01‐10‐13 Purchase 1,805 20.91 10 37,735 Cash
01‐10‐13 Purchase 50 20.99 10 1,049 Cash
03‐10‐13 Purchase 97 21.02 10 2,039 Cash
07‐10‐13 Purchase 6,310 23.08 10 1,45,614 Cash
07‐10‐13 Purchase 9,293 23.40 10 2,17,477 Cash
21‐10‐13 Purchase 2,000 24.06 10 48,123 Cash
02‐01‐14 Purchase 3,358 21.84 10 73,338 Cash
02‐01‐14 Purchase 2,269 22.00 10 49,927 Cash
03‐01‐14 Purchase 523 22.02 10 11,516 Cash
03‐01‐14 Purchase 1,051 21.95 10 23,074 Cash
06‐01‐14 Purchase 1,419 21.71 10 30,804 Cash
06‐01‐14 Purchase 2,864 21.93 10 62,802 Cash
07‐01‐14 Purchase 6,416 23.43 10 1,50,307 Cash
07‐01‐14 Purchase 10,100 23.40 10 2,36,336 Cash
28‐04‐14 Purchase 4,189 21.93 10 91,853 Cash
29‐04‐14 Purchase 1,099 22.02 10 24,202 Cash
30‐04‐14 Purchase 2,410 21.95 10 52,904 Cash
30‐04‐14 Purchase 5,918 21.99 10 1,30,156 Cash
06‐05‐14 Purchase 1,750 23.02 10 40,286 Cash
07‐05‐14 Purchase 24,134 24.88 10 6,00,449 Cash
07‐05‐14 Purchase 10,500 24.77 10 2,60,044 Cash
08‐05‐14 Purchase 15,000 26.42 10 3,96,277 Cash
08‐05‐14 Purchase 35,000 26.39 10 9,23,803 Cash
16‐03‐18 Transmission 5,000,000 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
26‐03‐18 Transmission 2,103,428 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
27‐08‐18 Inter‐se (3,103,428) ‐ 10 ‐ Gift
transfer
ii) Anmol Rashesh Bhansali:
Number of Price Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Face Value per
Equity (`per Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Shares Share) share (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
21‐02‐18 Purchase 11,902 70 10 8,33,140 Cash
28‐02‐18 Purchase 22,711 70 10 15,89,770 Cash
05‐03‐18 Purchase 94,462 70 10 66,12,395 Cash
15‐03‐18 Purchase 70,925 65.04 10 46,13,095 Cash
Inter‐Se
27‐08‐18 31,03,428 ‐ 10 ‐ Gift
transfer
02‐04‐19 Purchase 26,572 74.30 10 19,74,448.40 Cash
19‐03‐20 Purchase 5,489 88.03 10 4,83,197 Cash
25‐03‐20 Purchase 4,511 87.36 10 3,94,083 Cash
30‐06‐20 Purchase 60,000 101.55 10 60,93,000 Cash
25

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Price Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Face Value per
Equity (`per Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Shares Share) share (`) (Sale) Price (`) cash etc.)
31‐08‐20 Purchase 70,000 115.34 10 80,73,800 Cash
01‐09‐20 Purchase 12,677 114.98 10 14,57,572.30 Cash
04‐09‐20 Purchase 8,956 115.50 10 10,34,418 Cash
08‐09‐20 Purchase 8,367 115.97 10 9,70,312 Cash
09‐09‐20 Purchase 16,000 115.64 10 18,50,240 Cash
10‐09‐20 Purchase 6,300 115.83 10 7,29,729 Cash
14‐09‐20 Purchase 14,200 124.99 10 17,74,858 Cash
15‐09‐20 Purchase 4,500 128.75 10 5,79,375 Cash
22‐09‐20 Purchase 3,000 116.58 10 3,49,740 Cash
23‐09‐20 Purchase 500 120 10 60,000 Cash
25‐09‐20 Purchase 25,000 126.73 10 31,68,320 Cash
10‐12‐20 Purchase 23,000 164.64 10 37,86,720 Cash
16‐12‐20 Purchase 7,500 199.99 10 14, 99,925 Cash
iii) Shobhnaben Manharkumar Bhansali:
Number of Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per Face Value per
Equity Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share) share (`) (Sale) Price (`)
Shares cash etc.)
16‐08‐88 Purchase 2,000 100 100 2,00,000 Cash
24‐08‐94 Purchase 3,000 100 100 3,00,000 Cash
Split face of
vaule of
24‐08‐94 `100/‐ per
50,000 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
shares to
`10/‐ per
share
Issue of Bonus
24‐09‐94 shares in the 75,000 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
ratio of 3:2
15‐02‐99 Purchase 3,500 20 10 70,000 Cash
24‐03‐99 Purchase 1,100 16 10 17,600 Cash
17‐04‐99 Purchase 8,000 30.16 10 2,41,260.00 Cash
29‐04‐99 Purchase 12,600 29.89 10 3,76,669.00 Cash
12‐05‐99 Purchase 1,08,000 30.00 10 32,40,000 Cash
24‐04‐01 Sale (60,000) 50.00 10 (30,00,000) Cash
25‐04‐01 Purchase 60,000 50.00 10 3,0,00,000 Cash
04‐08‐01 Purchase 600 31.82 10 19,092 Cash
04‐08‐01 Purchase 10,000 32.32 10 3,23,200 Cash
16‐08‐01 Purchase 4,500 32.32 10 1,45,440 Cash
17‐08‐01 Purchase 8 32.00 10 256 Cash
23‐08‐01 Purchase 360 32.32 10 11,635 Cash
02‐09‐02 Bonus 2,73,668 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
26‐08‐05 Bonus 5,47,336 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
Transmission
09‐03‐18 71,03,428 ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
of shares
26

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Number of Issue/ Consideration
Date of Nature of Price (`per Face Value per
Equity Acquisition/ (Cash, other than
Transaction Transaction Share) share (`) (Sale) Price (`)
Shares cash etc.)
Transmission
pursuant to
Probate dated
February 15,
2018 issued
by the
16‐03‐18 Hon’ble High (50,00,000) ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
Court
to administer
Property(ies)
of Late
Mr. Manhar
R. Bhansali
Transmission
pursuant to
Probate dated
February 15,
2018 issued
26‐03‐18 by the
Hon’ble High (21,03,428) ‐ 10 ‐ ‐
Court
to administer
Property(ies)
of Late
Mr. Manhar
R. Bhansali
9.6. The Buyback is expected to contribute to the overall enhancement of shareholder value and result in
an increase in the return on equity of the Company.
9.7. The Buyback will not result in any benefit to Promoters and Promoter Group or any Directors of the
Company except to the extent of the cash consideration received by them from the Company
pursuant to their respective participation in the Buyback in their capacity as equity shareholders of
the Company, and the change in their shareholding as per the response received in the Buyback, as a
result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which will lead to reduction in the equity share capital
of the Company post Buyback.
9.8. Assuming the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible
Shareholders upto their entitlement including the Promoters, the aggregate shareholding and the
voting rights of the Promoters and Promoter Group of the Company, may increase to 66.40% post
Buyback from the current pre Buyback shareholding of 66.27%, and the aggregate shareholding of
the public shareholders in the Company may decrease to 33.60% post Buyback from the current pre
Buyback shareholding of 33.73%. The Promoters and Promoter Group are already in control over the
Company and therefore any further [increase/ decrease] in the voting rights of the Promoters and
Promoter Group will not result in any change in control of the Company. Please refer to paragraph
13.6 for further details.
27

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
9.9. The debt‐equity ratio after the completion of the Buyback will be within the permissible limit of 2:1
prescribed by the Companies Act, even if the response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full
acceptance).
9.10. The Promoters shall not deal in the Equity Shares of the Company, including any inter‐se transfer of
Equity Shares amongst the Promoters/ promoter group for the period between the date of passing
of the Special resolution through Postal Ballot and the date of closure of the Buyback in accordance
with the Buyback Regulations.
9.11. The Company shall not issue any Equity Shares or other specified securities (including by way of
bonus) till the expiry of the Buyback period, i.e., date on which the payment of consideration to
Shareholders who have accepted the Buyback is made.
9.12. The Company shall not raise further capital for a period of 1 (One) year from the Closure of the Buy
Back except in discharge of its subsisting obligation
9.13. Salient financial parameters consequent to the Buyback based on audited standalone and
consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 are as under:
As at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2021
Standalone Consolidated
Particulars
Post‐ Post‐
Pre‐Buyback Pre‐Buyback
Buyback# Buyback#
Net worth (₹ in Lakhs ) (1) 23,570.57 19,010.57 45,350.22 40,790.22
Return on Net Worth (%) (2) 16.33 20.25 17.54 19.50
Earnings Per Equity Share (₹)(3) 13.76 14.00 30.26 30.79
Book Value per Share – (₹)(4) 106.29 87.22 204.51 187.15
P/E (BSE) & NSE (5) 53.24 52.33 24.21 23.80
Debt‐Equity Ratio (7) 0.04 0.05 0.05 0.05
# Assuming full subscription to the buyback
Below are the formulae used for computation of the above ratios
(1) Net Worth= Equity Share Capital + Free Reserves
(2) Return on Net Worth = Profit After Tax (including Other Comprehensive Income)/ Net worth
(3) Earnings per Share = Profit After Tax/ weighted average Number of Shares outstanding for the
period
(4) Book value per Share = Net Worth / Number of Shares at the end of the period
(5) P/E= market price/earnings. Equity Share price used to calculate P/E has been taken as closing
price of August 30,2021 (date of notice of the Board Meeting convened to consider the proposal
of the Buyback) on BSE i.e., ₹ 732.65 and NSE i.e. ₹ 732.65
(6) Debt‐Equity Ratio = Term Debt/ Net Worth
Earnings per Share and Book Value per Share post buy back has been computed after reducing
proposed equity shares to be bought back from weighted average outstanding shares for the
financial year ended on March 31, 2021.
10. BASIS OF CALCULATING THE BUYBACK PRICE
The Equity Shares of the Company are proposed to be bought back at a price of ₹ 1,200/‐ (Rupees
One Thousand Two Hundred Only) per share (“Offer Price”). The Buyback Price has been arrived at
after considering various factors including, but not limited to the trends in the volume weighted
average market prices of the Equity Shares on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of
28

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
India Limited (“NSE”) i.e. the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed, the net worth of
the Company, price earnings ratio, impact on other financial parameters and the possible impact of
Buyback on the earnings per Share.
The Offer Price represents:
i. Premium of 109.93% & 109.02% over the volume weighted average market price of the Equity
Shares of NSE and BSE, respectively, during the three months preceding August 30, 2021, being
the date of intimation to Stock Exchange for the Board Meeting to consider the proposal of the
Buyback
ii. Premium of 76.55% and 76.91% over the closing price of the Equity Share on NSE and BSE,
respectively, as on August 27, 2021, being the last trading date prior to the Company’s intimation
to the Stock Exchanges of the date of the Meeting of the Board of Directors wherein proposal of
the Buyback was considered.
iii. The Company confirms that as required under Section 68(2)(d) of the Act, the ratio of the
aggregate of secured and unsecured debts owed by the Company the paid‐up Equity Share
capital and free reserves after the Buyback shall be less than or equal to 2:1 based on last audited
standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company.
iv. For trends in the market price of the Equity Shares, please refer to paragraph 16 (Stock Market
Data) of this Letter of Offer.
11. SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR THE BUYBACK
11.1. The funds for the implementation of the proposed Buyback will be sourced out of the free reserves
of the Company (including securities premium account) or such other source as may be permitted by
the SEBI Buyback Regulations or the Companies Act and no funds will be borrowed from Banks and
Financial Institutions for the Buyback.
11.2. The Company shall transfer from its free reserves, a sum equal to the nominal value of the Equity
shares so bought back to the Capital Redemption Reserve Account and details of such transfer shall
be disclosed in its subsequent audited financial statements.
11.3. The funds borrowed, if any, from banks and financial institutions will not be used for purpose of the
Buyback.
12. DETAILS OF THE ESCROW ACCOUNT AND THE AMOUNT DEPOSITED THEREIN
12.1. In accordance with the Regulation 9(xi) of the Buyback Regulations, the Company has appointed Axis
Bank Limited as the Escrow Agent for the aforementioned Buyback. The Company, the Manager to
the Offer and the Escrow Agent have entered into an Escrow Agreement dated September 27, 2021
pursuant to which the Escrow Account in the name and style “Goldiam International Limited
Buyback Escrow Account 2021‐2022” and Special Escrow Account in the name and style “Goldiam
International Limited Buyback Special Account 2021‐2022” has been opened with the Escrow Agent
Axis Bank Limited. The company has deposited an amount of ₹ 12,00,00,000 (Rupees Twelve Crores
Only) in the said escrow account in cash, being an amount which is more than 25% of the maximum
buyback size of ₹45,60,00,000/‐(Rupees Forty Five Crore Sixty Lakhs Only), by way of security for the
fulfilment of its obligations under the Buyback in compliance with the provisions of Regulation 9(xi)
of the Buyback. The Manager to the Buyback is empowered to operate the Escrow Account in
accordance with the Buyback Regulations.
29

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
12.2. The Company has adequate financial resources to fulfil the obligations under the Buyback and the
same has been certified by M/s. J.D. Zatakia & Company , Chartered Accountants (Membership No.:
17669 ) having their office at 306, Rupa Plaza, Jawahar Road, Ghatkopar E, Mumbai 400077 , vide a
certificate dated October 18,2021.
12.3. Based on the aforementioned certificate, the Manager to the Buyback confirms that it is satisfied
that firm arrangements for fulfilling the obligations under the Buyback are in place and that the
Company has the ability to implement the Buyback in accordance with the Buyback Regulations.
13. CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDING PATTERN
13.1. The present capital structure of the Company as on date of the issue of this Letter of Offer is as
follows:
(Rupees in Lakhs)
Sr. No Particulars Pre‐Buyback
1 Authorised Share Capital
3,10,00,000 equity shares of ₹10 each 3,100.00
2 Issued, Subscribed and Paid‐up Capital:
2,21,74,923 equity shares of ₹10 each fully paid‐up 2,217.49
Total Paid‐up Capital 2,217.49
13.2. Assuming full acceptance in the Buyback of 3,80,000, the capital structure of the Company post
Buyback would be as follows:
(Rupees in Lakhs)
Sr. No Particulars Post‐Buyback
1 Authorised Share Capital
3,10,00,000 equity shares of ₹10 each 3,100.00
2 Issued, Subscribed and Paid‐up Capital:
2,17,94,923 equity shares of ₹10 each fully paid‐up 2,179.49
Total Paid‐up Capital 2,179.49
13.3. As on the date of the Letter of Offer, there are no partly paid up equity shares and calls in arrears.
13.4. There are no outstanding instruments which are convertible into Equity Shares as on date of the
issue of this Letter of Offer.
13.5. Details of Buyback done by the Company in the past three financial years:
Opening Equity Shares
Closing Date Method of Buyback
Date bought back
26‐11‐2018 17‐12‐2018 Open market through stock exchange mechanism 19,80,000
25‐02‐2020 02‐03‐2020 Open market through stock exchange mechanism 7,91,073
30

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
13.6. The shareholding pattern of the Company, as on the record date i.e. October 27, 2021 and after the
Buyback (assuming full acceptance of 3,80,000 equity shares in the Buyback), is as follows:
Pre‐Buyback Post Buyback#
% of Post‐
Particulars No. of equity % of existing No. of equity Buyback
shares equity share shares equity
share
Promoters and Promoter Group 1,46,94,672 66.27 1,44,71,659 66.40
Foreign Investors (including Non‐
Resident Indians / FIIs/ Foreign Mutual 4,10,075 1.85
Funds/Foreign Nationals)
73,23,264 33.60
Financial Institutions / Banks and
Mutual Funds promoted by Banks / 200 0
Institutions / NBFCs
Others (Public, Bodies Corporate, etc.,) 70,69,976 31.88
Total 2,21,74,923 100.00 2,17,94,923 100.00
# Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Eligible
Sellers of the Equity Shares up to their Buyback entitlement
13.7. Assuming full acceptance of the Buyback, the issued, subscribed and paid up equity share capital of
the Company would be ₹2,179.49 Lakhs comprising Equity Shares 2,17,94,923 of ₹ 10/‐each as more
fully set out in clause 13.2 of this Letter of Offer.
13.8. There is no pending scheme of amalgamation or compromise or arrangement pursuant to any
provisions of the Companies Act.
13.9. Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Equity
Shareholders up to their Buyback Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and
Promoter Group post the Buyback may increase to 66.40 % from 66.27 % prior to the Buyback.
14. BRIEF INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
14.1. History of the Company
a) The Company was incorporated as ‘Goldiam (International) Private Limited’ on October 10,
1986 under the Companies Act, 1956. Subsequently, the name of the Company was changed to
‘Goldiam International Private Limited’ on November 27, 1986. The company converted to a
public limited company and the name of the Company was further changed to ‘Goldiam
International Limited’ on September 20, 1994. The registered office of the Company is situated
at Gems & Jewellery Complex, MIDC, SEEPZ, Andheri (East), Mumbai ‐ 400 096
b) The Equity Shares of Company are presently listed on the BSE (Security Code: 526729) and on
NSE (Security Code: GOLDIAM).
c) The Company is a 3‐decade old exporter of exquisitely designed and luxurious diamond
jewellery. Functioning as the manufacturer of choice to many of the leading global branded
retailers, departmental stores and wholesalers across American and European markets, the
Company is also renowned for utilizing responsibly sourced diamonds, leveraging cutting edge
technologies and efficient manufacturing processes for optimal costings and short delivery lead
times. Targeting the mid‐to‐affordable diamond & bridal jewellery segments, Company has a
dedicated sales office in New York, with design teams in both India and the USA. The
31

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Government of India and several other trade bodies have awarded the Company for its
contribution to jewellery trade and being a pioneer and a role model in this industry.
14.2. The details of changes in the share capital of the Company since incorporation is as follows:
Date of Issue/
Reasons for
allotment Number of Face buyback Cumulative no of Cumulative paid‐
Price Allotment/
/ Date of shares value shares up capital
(`) Reduction
Buyback
20 100 100 Subscribers to 20 20000
07‐12‐1986
Memorandum
22‐04‐1988 10 100 100 Further Allotment 30 30000
16‐08‐1988 29,970 100 100 Further Allotment 30,000 30,00,000
22‐05‐1989 30,000 100 100 Further Allotment 60,000 60,00,000
28‐02‐1991 60,000 100 100 Further Allotment 1,20,000 1,20,00,000
30‐03‐1993 60,000 100 100 Further Allotment 1,80,000 1,80,00,000
Stock Split (Face value of share sub‐divided
24‐08‐1994 1,80,000 18,00,000 1,80,00,000
from `100/‐ to `10/‐ per share)
27,00,000 10 Bonus shares issued in the ratio of
24‐08‐1994 45,00,000 45,00,00,000
3:2
08‐02‐1995 2,00,000 10 50 IPO Firm allotment 47,00,000 4,70,00,000
08‐02‐1995 2,50,000 10 60 IPO Firm allotment 49,50,000 4,95,00,000
16,60,100 10 50 IPO allotment to 66,10,100 6,61,01,000
08‐02‐1995
Indian Public
18‐12‐1999 (1900) 10 32.50 Buyback 66,08,200 6,60,82,000
Bonus shares issued in the ratio
09‐09‐2002 66,08,200 10 1,32,16,400 13,21,64,000
of 1:1
Bonus shares issued in the ratio
29‐08‐2005 1,32,16,400 10 2,64,32,800 26,43,28,000
of 1:1
09‐03‐2006 5,50,000 10 133 Preferential issue 2,69,82,800 26,98,28,000
Warrants converted
17‐02‐2007 50,000 10 150 2,70,32,800 27,03,28,000
to equity shares
16‐05‐2008
to (14,86,804) 10 46.21* Buyback 2,55,45,996 25,54,59,960
24‐10‐2008
03‐12‐2009
to (6,00,000) 10 38.69* Buyback 2,49,45,996 24,94,59,960
11‐01‐2010
05‐12‐2018
to (19,80,000) 10 89.07* Buyback 2,29,65,996 22,96,59,960
21‐12‐2018
05‐03‐2020
to (7,91,073) 10 156.04* Buyback 2,21,74,923 22,17,49,230
07‐03‐2020
Note: *Since the Buyback was conducted through Open Market Route, Average Price has been considered.
14.3. The Details of the Board of Directors of the Company as on date of publication of Public
Announcement are as follows:
Date of
Sr
Name of Director, Designation and Qualification Appointment / Other Directorships
no.
Re‐Appointment
Name: Rashesh Manhar Bhansali 1. Goldiam Jewellery
1 01‐02‐2021 Limited
Designation: Executive Chairman 2. Seepz Gems &
32

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Date of
Sr
Name of Director, Designation and Qualification Appointment / Other Directorships
no.
Re‐Appointment
Jewellery
Qualification: ‐ T.Y.B. Com Manufacturers
Association
Occupation: Business
3. Sampada Realities
Private Limited
Expertise: ‐He has over 28 years of experience in the
4. Diagold Designs
field of diamonds & jewellery.
Limited
Name: Anmol Rashesh Bhansali
Designation: Whole Time Director
Qualification: ‐ 1) Wharton School, University of
Pennsylvania 2013 – 2017 (Bachelors of Science in
Business Administration) 2) Gemology Institute of
America 2017 (Completed GEM130 and GEM230,
constituting two thirds of ‘Diamonds and Diamond
Grading’ course) 3) B.D. Somani International School,
1.Goldiam Jewellery
2 Mumbai, India 2009‐2013 4) University of 25‐11‐2017
Limited
Pennsylvania, The Wharton School, PA 2012
Completed (“Leadership in the Business World”
Program)
Occupation: Business
Expertise: ‐ Entered in the diamond business more
than 6 years ago. He is having knowledge &
experience in Diamond Business and is engage in
Manufacturing, Trading and Jewellery exports.
Name: Tulsi Gupta
Designation: Non‐Executive ‐ Non Independent
Director
Qualification: ‐ 1) Gemmological Institute of America
(GIA) Certified “Jewellery Designer 2) Imperial
College London, Business School MSc(Hons) in
3 Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Management 3) 12‐08‐2016 ‐
University of Warwick, United Kingdom‐BA (Hons) in
Sociology 4) B.D. Somani International School, India
International Baccalaureate
Occupation: Service
Expertise: ‐ She has wide Knowledge & experience in
the field of diamonds & jewellery
33

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Date of
Sr
Name of Director, Designation and Qualification Appointment / Other Directorships
no.
Re‐Appointment
Name: Pannkaj C Ghadiali
Designation: Independent Non‐Executive Director
Qualification: ‐ B.Com, B.G.L., F.C.A., ICWA, DISA
Occupation: Business
1. Balkrishna Industries
Expertise: ‐ Practicing Chartered Accountant since Limited
4 12‐11‐2016
1979. Presently Managing Partner of P C Ghadiali and 2. Sureprep (India)
Co. LLP and specializing in Direct & Indirect Tax, Private Limited
Information Technology, etc. Was Chairman of
Western India Regional Council of The Institute of
Chartered Accountants of India for the year
1988‐89.
Name: Nipa Utpal Sheth 1. Trust Securities
Services Private
Designation: Independent Non‐Executive Director Limited
2. Trust Asset
Qualification: ‐ B.Com, CA, C.F.A. Management Private
Limited
Occupation: Business 3. Sankhya Financial
Services Private
Expertise: ‐ Nipa Sheth is the director and founder of
Limited.
Trust Group, a leading full‐service financial services
4. Trust‐Plutus Wealth
house and a leader in the Indian Bond Market. She Managers (India)
has been an integral part of the fixed income market Private Limited.
for over 20 years. 5. Chanakya Corporate
Services Private
Limited.
5 6. Trust Capital holdings
Private Limited.
7. Trust Capital
31‐08‐2020 Services (India)
Private Limited
8. Trust Financial
Consultancy Services
Private Limited
9. Abhigam Shares &
Securities Private
Limited.
10. Calculas Financial
Consultants Private
Limited.
11. Trust Investment
Advisors Private
Limited
12. Trust Plutus Family
Office &
Investment
Advisors (India)
Private Limited
34

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Date of
Sr
Name of Director, Designation and Qualification Appointment / Other Directorships
no.
Re‐Appointment
Name: Ajay M. Khatlawala
Designation: Independent Non‐Executive Director
1. Goldiam Jewellery
Qualification: ‐ B.SC., LLB, Solicitor
Limited.
2. Goldiam USA
Occupation: Service
3. Bloomberg Data
6 24‐09‐2018
Services (India)
Expertise: ‐ Possesses experience of over 32 years in
Private Limited
legal and Company law matters. He is Sr.Partner in
4. RTS Realtime Systems
Little & Co. since from 1991, where he is looking
India Private Limited
after the administration of the firm and rendering
legal services to the clients of the firm.
14.4. The details of changes in Board of Directors during the last 3 years from the date of the Public
Announcement are as under:
Date of Date of
Sr.No Name Reasons
Appointment Cessation
2nd term as an Independent Non‐Executive
1. Raghavachari Srinivasan 27‐09‐2017 29/08/2021
Director expired
Appointed as an Additional Independent
Director subsequently regularized at 33rd
2. Nipa Utpal Sheth 31‐08‐2020 ‐
AGM held on 25‐09‐2020 for 5years w.e.f.
31‐08‐2020
14.5. The Buyback will not result in any benefit to any Directors of the Company/ Promoters and Promoter
Group/ Person Acting in Concert of the Company/ group companies, except to the extent of their
intention to participate in the Buyback and the change in their shareholding as per the response
received in the Buyback, as a result of the extinguishment of Equity Shares which may lead to a
reduction in the equity share capital post Buyback.
14.6. The aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Promoter Group and persons acting in concert, as
on the date of the publication of Public Announcement i.e. October 18, 2021
Sr.no Name of Shareholder No. of Shares held Percentage (%)
1 Rashesh Manhar Bhansali 1,00,00,000 45.10
2 Anmol Rashesh Bhansali 36,00,000 16.23
3 Shobhnaben Manharkumar Bhansali 10,94,672 4.94
4 Ami Rashesh Bhansali Nil Nil
5 Tulsi Gupta Nil Nil
Total 1,46,94,672 66.27
14.7. Details of shareholding of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company on the date
of the publication of Public Announcement i.e. October 18, 2021:
Sr. Name of Directors or Key No. of Percentage
Category
no Managerial Personnel Shares held (%)
1 Rashesh Manhar Bhansali Executive Chairman 1,00,00,000 45.10
2 Anmol Rashesh Bhansali Whole Time Director 36,00,000 16.23
3 Ajay M. Khatlawala Independent Non‐Executive Director 1000 0.01
4 Darshana Faldu Chief Financial Officer 1 0.00
Total 1,36,01,001 61.34
35

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
15. FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY
15.1. The salient financial information of the Company as extracted from the audited financial statements
for the last three years being March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 and financial
results subjected to Limited Review of Statutory Auditor, for three months ended June 30, 2021 are
as under:
(a) Standalone Financial Results:
(Rupees in Lakhs)
Limited
Audited
Reviewed
For Three‐ For the year For the year For the year
Particulars
months ended on ended on ended on
ended on March 31, March 31, March 31,
June 30, 2021 2021 2020 2019
Revenue from operations 7,834.58 21,605.54 16,209.07 16,982.73
Other Income 643.39 1,753.68 1,071.59 1,081.45
Total Income 8,477.97 23,359.22 17,280.66 18,064.18
Total Expenses (Excluding Interest
6,617.94 18,957.58 14,520.45 14,962.93
and Depreciation & Amortization)
EBITDA 1,860.03 4,401.64 2,760.21 3,101.25
Depreciation & Ammortization 54.68 183.72 195.3 197.62
Interest 4.22 15.21 11.71 110.21
Profit Before Tax 1,801.13 4,202.71 2,553.20 2,793.42
Provision for tax (including
332.70 1,151.35 648.99 835.51
Deferred Tax)
Profit/ (Loss) after tax 1,468.43 3,051.36 1,904.21 1,957.91
Other Comprehensive Income 272.55 798.55 459.08 352.82
Total Comprehensive Income 1,740.98 3,849.91 2,363.29 2,310.73
Equity Share Capital 2,217.49 2,217.49 2,217.49 2,296.60
Other Equity 24,059.57 22,318.57 19,910.03 20,675.19
Total Equity 26,277.06 24,536.06 22,127.52 22,971.79
Total Debt 2,300.00 1,000.00 378.33 691.55
(b) Consolidated Financial Results:
(Rupees in Lakhs)
Limited
Audited
Reviewed
For Three‐ For the year For the year For the year
Particulars
months ended on ended on ended on
ended on March 31, March 31, March 31,
June 30, 2021 2021 2020 2019
Revenue from operations 15,090.05 40,600.28 36,450.79 44,637.79
Other Income 412.94 721.70 2,214.11 1,780.29
Total Income 15,502.99 41,321.98 38,664.90 46,418.08
Total Expenses (Excluding Interest
12,152.60 32,790.58 32,106.64 39,105.21
and Depreciation & Amortization)
EBITDA 3,350.39 8,531.41 6,558.26 7,312.87
Depreciation & Ammortization 133.55 361.85 248.48 269.07
36

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Limited
Audited
Reviewed
For Three‐ For the year For the year For the year
Particulars
months ended on ended on ended on
ended on March 31, March 31, March 31,
June 30, 2021 2021 2020 2019
Interest 13.23 29.87 109.48 231.73
Profit before Exceptional Item 3,203.61 8,139.69 6,200.30 6,812.07
Exceptional items ‐ 1,580.49 ‐ ‐
Share of Profits / (Loss) of
(22.44) (8.72) (14.51)
Associates and Joint Venture 3.80
Profit Before Tax 3181.17 9,720.18 6,191.58 6,797.56
Provision for tax (including
818.66 3,009.52 1,671.73 2,152.93
Deferred Tax)
Profit/ (Loss) after tax 2,362.51 6,710.67 4,519.85 4,644.63
Other Comprehensive Income 331.74 1,242.16 852.4 575.22
Total Comprehensive Income 2,694.25 7,952.83 5,372.25 5,219.85
Equity Share Capital 2,217.49 2,217.49 2,217.49 2,296.60
Other Equity 46,913.95 44,260.59 38,784.49 36,109.62
Total Equity 49,131.44 46,478.08 41,001.98 38,406.22
Total Debt 4,779.83 2,240.91 756.65 2,604.98
(c) Standalone Key financial ratios:
Limited
Audited
Reviewed
For the Three‐ For the year For the year For the year
Partic ulars
months ended ended on ended on ended on
on June 30, March 31, March 31, March 31,
2021 2021 2020 2019
Key Ratios
Earnings per Share:
– Basic (₹)(1) 6.62 13.76 8.31 8.06
– Diluted (₹)(2) 6.62 13.76 8.31 8.06
Book Value per Share (₹)(3) 114.15 106.29 95.43 96.17
Return on Net Worth(% )(4) 6.88 16.33 11.17 10.46
Debt‐Equity Ratio(5) 0.09 0.04 0.02 0.03
(d) Consolidated Key financial ratios:
Limited
Audited
Reviewed
For the Three‐ For the year For the year For the year
Partic ulars
months ended ended on ended on ended on
on June 30, March 31, March 31, March 31,
2021 2021 2020 2019
Key Ratios
Earnings per Share:
– Basic (₹)(1) 10.65 30.26 19.73 19.12
– Diluted (₹)(2) 10.65 30.26 19.73 19.12
37

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Book Value per Share (₹)(3) 216.66 204.51 178.10 162.25
Return on Net Worth(% )(4) 5.61 17.54 13.60 14.01
Debt‐Equity Ratio(5) 0.10 0.05 0.02 0.07
Below are the formulae used for computation of the above ratios:
(1) Basic Earnings per Share = Profit After Tax/ weighted average Number of Shares outstanding for
the period
(2) Diluted Earnings per Share = Profit After Tax/ weighted average Number of Diluted Shares
outstanding for the period
(3) Net Worth= Equity Share Capital + Free Reserves
(4) Book Value Per Share = Net Worth/ Number of Shares at the end of the period
(5) Return on Net Worth = Profit After Tax (including Other Comprehensive Income)/ Net worth
(6) Debt‐Equity Ratio = Total Debt/ Net Worth
15.2. The debt equity ratio of the Company Post Buyback shall be compliant with the permissible limit
under the Companies Act. Please refer Clause No. 9 for relevant financial parameters consequent to
the Buyback based on the standalone and consolidated audited financial statements as on March 31,
2021 and limited reviewed consolidated and audited Standalone financial statements for the three
months ended June 30, 2021.
15.3. The Company shall comply with the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011, as amended, wherever and if applicable. The Company hereby declares that it has
complied with Sections 68, 69 and 70 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
16. STOCK MARKET DATA
16.1. The Equity Shares are currently listed and traded on BSE and NSE.
16.2. The high, low and average market prices in preceding three financial years and the monthly high,
low and average market prices for the six months preceding the date of publication of Public
Announcement and the corresponding volumes on NSE (stock exchange with higher traded volume
of Company’s Equity Shares over past six months from the date of the Public Announcement) are as
follows:
No of
No of Total Volume
Shares
High Date of Shares Low Date of Average traded in the
Period traded
price High Price traded on Price Low Price price period (No. of
on that
that date shares)
date
3 Years
Apr 20 ‐ Mar 21 370.00 24‐Feb‐21 2,09,820 76.25 22‐Apr‐20 57,208 162.06 2,42,20,994
Apr 19 ‐ Mar 20 184.80 27‐Feb‐20 3,46,219 72.20 25‐Mar‐20 1,41,41 120.06 2,72,53,857
Apr 18 ‐ Mar 19 94.50 20‐Apr‐18 9,41,084 50.00 20‐Jul‐18 8,625 74.40 85,48,232
No of No of Total Volume
High Date of Shares Low Date of Shares Average traded in the
Period
price High Price traded on Price Low Price traded on price period (No. of
that date that date shares)
6 Months
Sep‐21 1075.00 13‐Sep‐21 11,84,118 712.90 01‐Sep‐21 45,137 861.47 36,73,482
Aug‐21 789.00 18‐Aug‐21 1,24,559 595.00 02‐Aug‐21 69,866 690.09 29,93,347
38

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
No of No of Total Volume
High Date of Shares Low Date of Shares Average traded in the
Period
price High Price traded on Price Low Price traded on price period (No. of
that date that date shares)
Jul‐21 617.00 30‐Jul‐21 1,14,238 441.00 01‐Jul‐21 42,544 554.57 36,31,221
Jun‐21 489.00 24‐Jun‐21 84,502 396.00 02‐Jun‐21 59,082 437.45 20,62,913
May‐21 467.95 26‐May‐21 11,74,732 361.80 03‐May‐21 1,42,737 406.97 43,33,454
Apr‐21 394.00 08‐Apr‐21 6,02,314 308.00 15‐Apr‐21 45,736 347.83 24,89,445
16.3. The high, low and average market prices in preceding three financial years and the monthly high,
low and average market prices for the six months preceding the date of publication of Public
Announcement and the corresponding volumes on BSE are as follows:
No of No of
Total Volume
Shares Shares
High Date of Low Date of Average traded in the
Period traded traded
price High Price Price Low Price price period (No. of
on that on that
shares)
date date
3 Years
Apr 20 ‐ Mar 21 384.00 04‐Mar‐21 13,268 77.05 22‐Apr‐20 2589 162.08 70,37,90,720
Apr 19 ‐ Mar 20 184.10 27‐Feb‐20 36,454 72.40 02‐Apr‐19 13,780 119.96 41,29,97,266
Apr 18 ‐ Mar 19 94.80 21‐Jan‐18 27249 50.60 20‐Jul‐18 3459 74.46 14,78,03,852
No of No of Total Volume
High Date of Shares Low Date of Shares Average traded in the
Period
price High Price traded on Price Low Price traded on price period (No. of
that date that date shares)
6 Months
Sep‐21 1,074.00 13‐Sep‐21 95,347 710.80 02‐Sep‐21 9,246 861.61 4,55,673
Aug‐21 790.00 18‐Aug‐21 24,498 584.30 03‐Aug‐21 16,060 690.16 5,28,917
Jul‐21 620.00 22‐Jul‐21 35,344 441.00 01‐Jul‐21 12,135 554.36 5,62,606
Jun‐21 487.45 24‐Jun‐21 8,536 395.10 14‐Jun‐21 11,137 437.35 3,67,142
May‐21 465.95 26‐May‐21 1,63,211 362.95 03‐May‐21 14,333 407.00 6,11,466
Apr‐21 394.20 08‐Apr‐21 83,828 324.40 05‐Apr‐21 8,470 347.66 3,52,655
16.4. The details of closing market price of the company are as under:
Closing Market Price
Particulars
NSE BSE
As on August 30, 2021, i.e., date of intimation of the Board
732.65 732.65
Meeting for approving the Buyback
As on September 13, 2021, i.e., the date of Board Meeting for
1020.40 1022.55
approving the Buyback
As on October 14, 2021, i.e., the date of the PA 958.65 960.15
As on October 18, 2021, i.e., the date of publication of PA 964.55 964.65
As on October 19, 2021, i.e., immediately after the date of the PA 958.80 958.05
As on October 27, 2021, i.e., the record date 1096.65 1098.00
39

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
17. DETAILS OF THE STATUTORY APPROVALS
17.1. The Board at its meeting held on September 13, 2021 approved the proposal for the Buyback. The
Equity Shareholders approved the Buyback by way of a special resolution through postal ballot, the
results of which were announced on October 13, 2021
17.2. The Buyback is subject to approvals, if any, required under the provisions of the Companies Act, the
Buyback Regulations, SEBI, and applicable rules and regulations as specified by RBI under FEMA and/
or such other applicable rules and regulations for the time being in force. As on date, there are no
other statutory or regulatory approvals required to implement the Buyback other than those
indicated above.
17.3. The Buyback from each Eligible Shareholder is subject to all statutory consents and approvals as may
be required by such Eligible Shareholder under applicable laws and regulations. The Eligible
Shareholder shall be solely responsible for obtaining all such statutory consents and approvals
(including, without limitation the approvals from the Reserve Bank of India, if any) as may be
required by them in order to sell their Equity Shares to the Company pursuant to the Buyback. An
Eligible Shareholder would be required to provide copies of all such consents and approvals obtained
by them to the Registrar to the Buyback. The Buyback of Shares from Non‐Resident Shareholders,
Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCBs) and Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio
Investors (FPIs), and members of foreign nationality, if any, etc., will be subject to approvals, if any,
of the appropriate authorities, including RBI under FEMA, as applicable. It is the obligation of such
Non‐Resident Shareholders, to obtain such approvals and submit such approvals along with the
tender form, so as to enable them to tender equity shares in the buyback and for the Company to
purchase such Equity Shares, tendered. The Company will have the right to make payment to the
Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom no prior RBI approval is required and not accept Equity
Shares from the Eligible Shareholders in respect of whom prior RBI approval is required in the event
copies of such approvals are not submitted.
17.4. There are no directions subsisting or proceedings pending against the Company, Manager and
Registrar to the Buy‐Back Offer under SEBI Act, 1992 and Regulations.
17.5. As of date, there is no other statutory or regulatory approval required to implement the Buyback,
other than that indicated above. If any statutory or regulatory approval becomes applicable
subsequently, the Buyback Offer will be subject to such statutory or regulatory approval(s). In the
event of any delay in receipt of any statutory / regulatory approvals, changes to the proposed
timetable of the Buyback Offer, if any, shall be intimated to the Stock Exchanges.
18. DETAILS OF THE REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AND COLLECTION CENTRES
18.1. The Company has appointed Link Intime India Private Limited as the Registrars to the Buyback. Their
contact details are as under:
Link Intime India Private Limited
C101. 247 Park, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai‐ 400 083
Tel No: +91 22 4918 6200 ; Fax: +91 22 49186195; Website: www.linkintime.co.in
Email: goldiam.buyback2021@linkintime.co.in ; Contact Person: Sumeet Deshpande
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058 Validity Period: Permanent, unless terminated
CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368
40

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
In case of any query, the Shareholders may contact the Registrar to the Buyback, from Monday to
Friday between 10.00 am & 5.00 pm on all working days at the above mentioned address.
18.2. Collection Centres:
Eligible Sellers are requested to submit their Form(s) and requisite documents either by registered
post/ courier to the Registrar to the Buyback, super scribing the envelope as “Goldiam international
Limited Buyback Offer 2021”, or hand deliver the same to the head office of the Registrar.
ELIGIBLE SELLERS ARE REQUESTED TO NOTE THAT THE TENDER FORM, TRS AND OTHER RELEVANT
DOCUMENTS SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO THE COMPANY OR TO THE MANAGER TO THE BUYBACK
19. PROCESS AND METHODOLOGY FOR THE BUYBACK
19.1. The Company proposes to Buyback upto 3,80,000 (Three Lakhs Eighty Thousand) fully paid‐up Equity
Shares from the Equity Shareholders as on the Record Date, on a proportionate basis, through the
tender offer route at a price of ₹ 1200/‐ (Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred Only ) per Equity
Share, payable in cash for an aggregate amount of ₹45,60,00,000/‐ (Rupees Forty Five Crore Sixty
Lakhs only).The maximum number of Equity Shares proposed to be bought back represents 1.71% of
the total paid‐up equity share capital of the Company. The Buyback is in accordance with the
provisions of Section 68, 69, 70 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act and in
accordance with Article 23A of the Articles of Association of the Company and subject to Regulation
4(iv) and other applicable provisions contained in the Buyback Regulations and such other approvals,
permissions and exemptions as may be required, from time to time from statutory authorities and/
or regulatory authorities, including but not limited to SEBI and/or the RBI. The Buyback Size is
19.35% and 10.05% of the fully paid‐up equity share capital and free reserves as per the latest
audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year
ended March 31, 2021, respectively.
19.2. The Company expresses no opinion as to whether Eligible Shareholders should participate in the
Buyback and, accordingly, Eligible Shareholders may take their own decision after consulting their
own advisors, as they may deem fit, regarding their participation in the Buyback.
19.3. The aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and Promoter Group as at the date of the Public
Announcement is 1,46,94,672 Equity Shares which represents 66.27% of the existing equity share
capital of the Company. In terms of the Buyback Regulations, under the tender offer route, the
Promoters and Promoter Group of the Company have the option to participate in the Buyback. In
this regard, the Promoter and Promoter Group have expressed their intention vide their letters
dated September 13, 2021, to participate in the Buyback and offer up to an aggregate maximum
number of 2,47,000 Equity Shares or such lower number of Equity Shares as required in compliance
with the Buyback Regulations/ terms of the Buyback.
19.4. Assuming response to the Buyback is to the extent of 100% (full acceptance) from all the Equity
Shareholders up to their Buyback Entitlement, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoter and
Promoter Group post the Buyback may increase to 66.40% from 66.27 % prior to the Buyback.
19.5. Record Date and Ratio of Buyback as per the Buyback Entitlement in each Category:
a) As required under the Buyback Regulations, the Company has fixed October 27, 2021 as the
record date (the “Record Date”) for determining the entitlement and names of the shareholders
holding Equity Shares of the Company who will be eligible to participate in the Buyback.
b) The Equity Shares to be bought back as a part of this Buyback are divided into two categories:
1. Reserved category for Small Shareholders (“Reserved Category”); and
41

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
2. General Category for other Eligible Sellers (“General Category”).
c) As defined in Regulation 2(1) (n) of the Buyback Regulations, a "Small Shareholder" is a
shareholder who holds Equity Shares having market value, on the basis of closing price on BSE or
NSE (as applicable, contingent on highest trading volume in respect of Equity Shares) as on the
Record Date, of not more than `2,00,000 (Rupees Two Lakhs). As on the Record Date, the
volume of Shares traded on NSE was 7,32,793 Equity Shares and on BSE was 1,15,283 Equity
Shares. Accordingly, NSE being the exchange with highest turnover, the closing price was ₹
1,096.65 and hence all Shareholders holding not more than 182 Equity Shares as on the Record
Date are classified as “Small Shareholders” for the purpose of the Buyback Offer.
d) Based on the above definition, there are 38,544 Small Shareholders in the Company with
aggregate shareholding of 8,92,065 Equity Shares as on the Record Date, which constitutes 4.02
% of the outstanding number of Equity Shares of the Company and 234.75% of the maximum
number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback as a part of this Buyback.
e) In compliance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback Regulations, the reservation for the Small
Shareholders, will be higher of:
i. Fifteen percent of the number of Equity Shares which the Company proposes to Buyback i.e.
15% of 3,80,000 Equity Shares which works out to 57,000 Equity Shares; or
ii. The number of Equity Shares entitled as per their shareholding as on Record Date i.e.
(8,92,065 /2,21,74,923) x 3,80,000 which works out to be 15,287 Equity Shares.
 All the outstanding fully paid‐up Equity Shares have been used for computing the
Buyback Entitlement of Small Shareholders since the Promoter and Promoter Group also
intend to offer Equity Shares held by them in the Buyback
 Based on the above analysis and in accordance with Regulation 6 of the Buyback
Regulations, 57,000 Equity Shares have been reserved for the Small Shareholders
(“Reserved Category”) and accordingly, the General Category for all other Eligible Sellers
shall consist of 3,23,000 Equity Shares (“General Category”).
f) Based on the above Buyback Entitlements, the ratio of Buyback for both categories is decided as
below:
Category of Shareholders Ratio of Buyback*
Reserved Category for Small 20 Equity Shares out of every 313 fully paid‐up
Shareholders Equity Shares held on the Record Date.
General Category for all Equity 9 Equity Shares out of every 593 fully paid‐up
Shareholders Equity Shares held on the Record Date.
*The above Ratio of Buyback is approximate and providing indicative Buyback Entitlement. Any
computation of entitled Equity Shares using the above Ratio of Buyback may provide a slightly
different number due to rounding‐off. The actual Buyback Entitlement for Reserved category for
Small Shareholders is 0.063896689 and General category for all other Eligible Sellers is
0.015176533 .
19.6. Fractional Entitlements:
If the Buyback Entitlement under Buyback, after applying the above‐mentioned ratios to the Equity
Shares held on Record Date, is not a round number (i.e. not in the multiple of 1 Equity Share), then
the fractional entitlement shall be ignored for computation of Buyback Entitlement to tender Equity
Shares in the Buyback for both categories of Shareholders.
On account of ignoring the fractional entitlement, those Small Shareholders who hold 15 or less
Equity Shares as on Record Date will be dispatched a Tender Form with zero entitlement. Such Small
Shareholders are entitled to tender Additional Equity Shares as part of the Buyback Offer and will be
42

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
given preference in the Acceptance of one Equity Share, if such Small Shareholders have tendered
for Additional Equity Shares.
19.7. Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares validly tendered in the Reserved Category for Small
Shareholders:
Subject to the provisions contained in this DLOF, the Company will accept the Equity Shares
tendered in the Buyback by the Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category in the following order
of priority:
a) Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category, who have
validly tendered their Equity Shares to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement, or the number of
Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever is less.
b) Post the acceptance as described in Clause 19.7(a) above, in case there are any Equity Shares left
to be bought back from Small Shareholders in the Reserved Category, the Small Shareholders
who were entitled to tender zero Equity Shares (on account of ignoring the fractional
entitlement), and have tendered Additional Equity Shares as part of the Buyback, shall be given
preference and one share each from the Additional Equity Shares applied by these Small
Shareholders shall be bought back in the Reserved Category.
c) Post the acceptance as described in Clause 19.7(a) and 19.7(b) above, in case there are any Equity
Shares left to be bought back in the Reserved Category, the Additional Equity Shares tendered by
the Small Shareholders over and above their Buyback Entitlement, shall be accepted in
proportion of the Additional Equity Shares tendered by them and the Acceptances per Small
Shareholders shall be made in accordance with the Buyback Regulations, i.e. valid Acceptances
per Small Shareholder shall be equal to the Additional Equity Shares validly tendered by the Small
Shareholder divided by the total Additional Equity Shares validly tendered and multiplied by the
total pending number of Equity Shares to be accepted in Reserved Category. For the purpose of
this calculation, the Additional Equity Shares taken into account for such Small Shareholders,
from whom one Equity Share has been accepted in accordance with clause 19.7(b), shall be
reduced by one.
d) Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as described in Clause 19.
(vi) (c) above:
1. For any Small Shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be accepted,
calculated on a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional Acceptance is
greater than or equal to 0.50, then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher
integer.
2. For any shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be accepted, calculated on
a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional Acceptance is less than
0.50, then the fraction shall be ignored.
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding‐off of Shares or otherwise, the Buyback
Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority to decide
such final allocation with respect to such rounding‐off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage
of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the process described in Clause 19 of
this DLOF.
19.8. Basis of Acceptance of Shares validly tendered in the General Category:
Subject to the provisions contained in the DLOF, the Company will accept the Equity Shares tendered
in the Buyback by all other Eligible Sellers in the General Category in the following order of priority:
43

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
a) Acceptance of 100% Equity Shares from other Eligible Sellers in the General Category who have
validly tendered their Equity Shares, to the extent of their Buyback Entitlement, or the number of
Equity Shares tendered by them, whichever is less.
b) Post the Acceptance as described in Clause 19.8(a), in case there are any Equity Shares left to be
bought back in the General Category, the Additional Equity Shares tendered by the other Eligible
Sellers over and above their Buyback Entitlement shall be Accepted in proportion of the
Additional Equity Shares tendered by them and the acceptances per shareholder shall be made in
accordance with the Regulations, i.e. valid acceptances per shareholder shall be equal to the
Additional Equity Shares validly tendered by the Eligible Sellers divided by the total Additional
Equity Shares validly tendered in the General Category and multiplied by the total pending
number of Equity Shares to be Accepted in General Category.
c) Adjustment for fractional results in case of proportionate acceptance as described in Clause 19.8
(a) and (b) above:
1. For any Eligible Seller, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be accepted, calculated on
a proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional Acceptance is greater than
or equal to 0.50, then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.
2. For any Eligible Seller if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be accepted, calculated on a
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50,
then the fraction shall be ignored.
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding‐off of Shares or otherwise, the Buyback
Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority to decide
such final allocation with respect to such rounding‐off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage
of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the process described in Clause 19 of
this DLOF.
19.9. Basis of Acceptance of Equity Shares between two Categories
a) In case there are any Equity Shares left to be bought back in one category (“Partially filled
Category”) after Acceptance in accordance with the above described methodology for both the
categories, and there are additional unaccepted validly tendered Equity Shares in the second
category, then the Additional Equity Shares in the second category shall be accepted
proportionately, i.e. valid Acceptances per Eligible Seller shall be equal to the additional
outstanding Equity Shares validly tendered by an Eligible Seller in the second category divided by
the total additional outstanding Equity Shares validly tendered in the second category and
multiplied by the total pending number of Equity Shares to be bought back in the partially filled
category.
b) If the Partially filled Category is the General Category, and the second category is the Reserved
Category for Small Shareholders, then for the purpose of this calculation, the Additional Equity
Shares tendered by such Small Shareholders, from whom one Equity Share has been accepted in
accordance with clause 19.7(b) shall be reduced by one.
c) Adjustment for fraction results in case of proportionate Acceptance, as defined in clause 19.9(a)
and (b) above:
1. For any shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be accepted, calculated on a
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional Acceptance is greater than or
equal to 0.50, then the fraction would be rounded off to the next higher integer.
44

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
2. For any shareholder, if the number of Additional Equity Shares to be accepted, calculated on a
proportionate basis is not in the multiple of 1 and the fractional Acceptance is less than 0.50,
then the fraction shall be ignored.
In case of any practical issues, resulting out of rounding‐off of Shares or otherwise, the Buyback
Committee or any person(s) authorized by the Buyback Committee will have the authority to decide
such final allocation with respect to such rounding‐off or any excess of Equity Shares or any shortage
of Equity Shares after allocation of Equity Shares as set out in the process described in Clause 19 of
this DLOF.
19.10. For avoidance of doubt, it is clarified that:
a) the Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Seller, in accordance with
clauses above, shall not exceed the number of Equity Shares tendered by the respective Eligible
Seller;
b) the Equity Shares accepted under the Buyback from each Eligible Seller, in accordance with
clauses above, shall not exceed the number of Equity Shares held by respective Eligible Seller as
on the Record Date; and
c) the Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Seller over and above the number of Equity Shares
held by such Eligible Seller as on the Record Date shall not be considered for the purpose of
Acceptance in accordance with the clauses above.
19.11. Clubbing of Entitlement
In accordance with Regulation 9(ix) of Buyback Regulations, in order to ensure that the same
shareholders with multiple demat accounts/ folios do not receive a higher entitlement under the
Small Shareholder category, the Company shall club together the Equity Shares held by such
shareholders with a common PAN for determining the category (Small Shareholder or General) and
entitlement under the Buyback. In case of joint shareholding, the Company will club together the
Equity Shares held in cases where the sequence of the PANs of the joint shareholders is identical. In
case of physical shareholders, where the sequence of PANs is identical and where the PANs of all
joint shareholders are not available, the Company will check the sequence of the names of the joint
holders and club together the Equity Shares held in such cases where the sequence of the PANs and
name of joint shareholders are identical. The shareholding of institutional investors like mutual
funds, pension funds/trusts and insurance companies etc., with common PAN will not be clubbed
together for determining the category and will be considered separately, where these Equity Shares
are held for different schemes and have a different demat account nomenclature based on
information prepared by the Registrar and Transfer Agent as per the shareholder records received
from the depositories.
20. PROCEDURE FOR TENDER/ OFFER AND SETTLEMENT
20.1. The Buyback is open to all Eligible Sellers / beneficial owners of the Company, i.e., the shareholders
who on the Record Date were holding Equity Shares either in physical form ("Physical Shares") and
the beneficial owners who on the Record Date were holding Equity Shares in the dematerialized
form ("Demat Shares") (such shareholders are referred as the ("Eligible Shareholders").
20.2. The Shares of the company are listed on both the exchanges (i.e. on BSE and NSE). The Buyback will
be implemented using the “Mechanism for acquisition of shares through Stock Exchange” notified
by SEBI Circular (“Stock Exchange Mechanism”) and following the procedure prescribed in the
Companies Act and the Buyback Regulations and as may be determined by the Board (including the
45

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Buyback Committee authorized to complete the formalities of the Buyback) and on such terms and
conditions as may be permitted by law from time to time.
20.3. For implementation of the Buyback, the Company has appointed Keynote Capitals Limited as the
registered broker to the Company (the “Company’s Broker”) to facilitate the process of tendering of
Equity Shares through Stock Exchange Mechanism for the Buyback. The contact details of the
Company’s Broker are as follows:
Keynote Capitals Limited
The Ruby, 9th Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai - 400 028
Contact Person: Alpesh Mehta; Tel: +91 22 6826 6000-3
Email: alpesh@keynoteindia.net Website: www.keynoteindia.net
SEBI Reg No: INZ000241530
20.4. The Company will request BSE to provide the separate Acquisition Window to facilitate placing of
bid by Eligible Sellers who wish to tender Equity Shares in the Buyback. The details of the platform
will be as specified by BSE from time to time. In the event, the Shareholder Broker(s) of any Eligible
Shareholder is not registered with BSE as a trading member/stockbroker, then that Eligible
Shareholder can approach any BSE registered stockbroker and can register themselves by using
quick unique client code ("UCC") facility through the BSE registered stockbroker (after submitting all
details as may be required by such BSE registered stockbroker in compliance with applicable law).
The requirement of documents and procedures may vary from broker to broker.
20.5. The Buyback from the Eligible Shareholders who are residents outside India including foreign
corporate bodies (including erstwhile overseas corporate bodies), foreign portfolio investors, non‐
resident Indians, members of foreign nationality, if any, shall be subject to the Foreign Exchange
Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income Tax Act, 1961
and rules and regulations framed thereunder, as applicable, and also subject to the
receipt/provision by such Eligible Shareholders of such approvals, if and to the extent necessary or
required from concerned authorities including, but not limited to, approvals from the Reserve Bank
of India under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed
thereunder, if any.
20.6. The reporting requirements for Non‐Resident Shareholders under Reserve Bank of India, Foreign
Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended and any other rules, regulations, guidelines, for
remittance of funds, shall be made by the Eligible Shareholder and/or the Seller Member through
which the Equity Shareholder places the bid.
20.7. Modification / cancellation of orders and multiple bids from a single Eligible Shareholder will be
allowed during the tendering period of the Buyback. Multiple bids made by single Eligible
Shareholder for selling the Equity Shares shall be clubbed and considered as "one" bid for the
purposes of acceptance.
20.8. The cumulative quantity tendered shall be made available on the website of BSE
(www.bseindia.com) throughout the trading session and will be updated at specific intervals during
the tendering period.
20.9. Further, the Company will not accept Equity Shares tendered for Buyback which under restraint
order of the court for transfer/sale and/or title in respect of which is otherwise under dispute or
where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company and the duplicate share
46

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
certificates have not been issued either due to such request being under process as per the
provisions of law or otherwise.
20.10. All documents sent by the Eligible Sellers will be at their own risk. Eligible Sellers are advised to
adequately safeguard their interests in this regard.
20.11. PROCEDURE TO BE FOLLOWED BY REGISTERED/ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY
SHARES IN THE DEMATERIALIZED FORM:
(a) Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares in the dematerialized form under
Buyback would have to do so through their respective Seller Member by indicating to them the
details of Equity Shares they intend to tender under the Buyback.
(b) The Seller Member would be required to place an bid on behalf of the Shareholders who wish
to tender Equity Shares in the Buy Back using the Acquisition Window of the Stock Exchange.
(c) The lien shall be marked by the Seller Member in the demat Account of the Shareholders for
the shares tendered in tender offer. Details of shares marked as lien in the demat account of
the shareholder shall be provided by the Depositories to Clearing Corporation.
(d) In case, the Shareholders Demat Account is held with one Depository and Clearing Member
pool and Clearing Corporation Account is held with other depository, shares shall be blocked in
the shareholders demat account at source depository during the tendering period. Inter
Depository Tender Offer (“IDT”) instructions shall be initiated by the shareholders at source
depository to Clearing Member/Clearing Corporation account at target Depository. Source
Depository shall block the shareholder’s securities (i.e. transfers from free balance to blocked
balance) and sends IDT message to target Depository for confirming creation of lien. Details of
shares blocked in the shareholders demat account shall be provided by the target Depository to
the Clearing Corporation.
(e) For Custodian Participant orders, for demat Equity Shares early pay‐in is mandatory prior to
confirmation of order by custodian participant. The custodian participant shall either confirm or
reject the orders not later than the closing of trading hours on the last day of the tendering
period. Thereafter, all unconfirmed orders shall be deemed to be rejected. For all confirmed
custodian participant orders, order modification shall revoke the custodian participant
confirmation and the revised order shall be sent to the custodian participant again for
confirmation.
(f) Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member shall provide a Transaction Registration Slip (“TRS”)
generated by the Exchange bidding system to the Eligible Shareholder. TRS will contain the
details of order submitted like Bid ID No., Application No., DP ID, Client ID, No. of Equity Shares
tendered etc.
(g) It is clarified that in case of dematerialized Equity Shares, non‐receipt of the completed tender
form and other documents, but if the lien is marked successfully in the depository system and a
valid bid in the exchange bidding system, the bid for Buyback shall be deemed to have been
accepted.
20.12. PROCEDURE TO BE FOLLOWED BY REGISTERED SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN THE
PHYSICAL FORM:
(a) In accordance with the Frequently Asked Questions issued by SEBI, “FAQs ‐ Tendering of
physical shares in Buyback offer/ open offer/ exit offer/delisting” dated February 20, 2020, and
SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/ CMD1/CIR/P/2020/144 dated July 31, 2020, Eligible
47

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form can participate in the Buyback. The
procedure is as below:
(b) Shareholders who are holding physical Equity Shares and intend to participate in the Buyback
will be required to approach the Seller Member along with the complete set of documents for
verification procedures to be carried out including the (i) Tender Form duly signed by all Eligible
Shareholders (in case shares are in joint names, in the same order in which they hold the
shares), (ii) original share certificate(s), (ii) valid share transfer form(s)/ Form SH‐4 duly filled
and signed by the transferors (i.e. by all registered shareholders in same order and as per the
specimen signatures registered with the Company) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place
authorizing the transfer in favor of the Company, (iii) self‐attested copy of the shareholder’s
PAN Card, (iv) any other relevant documents such as power of attorney, corporate
authorization (including board resolution/specimen signature), notarized copy of death
certificate and succession certificate or probated will, if the original shareholder has deceased,
etc., as applicable. In addition, if the address of the Shareholder has undergone a change from
the address registered in the Register of Members of the Company, the Shareholder would be
required to submit a self‐attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following
documents: valid Aadhar Card, Voter Identity Card or Passport.
(c) The Seller Member/Shareholder has to deliver the original share certificate(s) & documents (as
mentioned above) along with TRS either by registered post or courier or hand delivery to the
Registrar to the Buyback i.e. (the Registrar”) (at the address mentioned at paragraph below)
within 2 (two) days of bidding by Seller Member. The envelope should be superscribed as
“Goldiam International Limited”. One copy of the TRS will be retained by the Registrar to the
Buyback and it will provide acknowledgement of the same to the Seller Member/Shareholder.
(d) Based on these documents, the concerned Seller Member shall place the bid on behalf of
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form using the Acquisition Window of
BSE. Upon placing the bid, the Seller Member shall provide a TRS generated by the exchange
bidding system to the Shareholder. TRS will contain the details of order submitted like Folio
No., Certificate No., Distinctive No., No. of Equity Shares tendered etc.
(e) Shareholders holding physical Equity Shares should note that physical Equity Shares will not be
accepted unless the complete set of documents are submitted. Acceptance of the physical
Equity Shares for buyback by the Company shall be subject to verification of the original share
certificate (s) and documents as per the Buyback Regulations and any further directions issued
in this regard. Registrar to the Buyback will verify such bids based on the documents submitted
on a daily basis and till such time BSE shall display such bids as ‘Unconfirmed Physical Bids’.
Once, Registrar to the Buyback confirms the bids it will be treated as ‘Confirmed Bids’.
(f) In case any Eligible Shareholder has submitted Equity Shares in physical form for
dematerialisation, such Eligible Shareholder should ensure that the process of getting the
Equity Shares dematerialised is completed well in time so that they can participate in the
Buyback before the closure of the tendering period of the Buyback.
(g) An unregistered shareholder holding Equity Shares in physical form may also tender their
Equity Shares in the Buyback by submitting the duly executed transfer deed for transfer of
shares, purchased prior to the Record Date, in their name, along with the offer form, copy of
their PAN card and of the person from whom they have purchased shares and other relevant
documents as required for transfer, if any.
48

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
THE NON‐RECEIPT OF THE LETTER OF OFFER BY, OR ACCIDENTAL OMISSION TO DISPATCH THE
LETTER OF OFFER TO ANY PERSON WHO IS ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE THE LETTER OF OFFER, SHALL
NOT INVALIDATE THE BUYBACK IN ANY MANNER.
In case of non‐receipt of the Letter of Offer:
In case the Equity Shares are in dematerialised form: Eligible Shareholder may participate in the
Buyback by downloading the Tender Form from the website of the Company i.e.
www.goldiam.com or by providing their application in writing on plain paper, signed by Eligible
Shareholder or all Eligible Shareholders (in case Equity Shares are in joint name), stating name
and address of Eligible Shareholders, number of Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client
ID number, DP Name/ ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for
the Buyback.
The acceptance of the Buyback made by the Company is entirely at the discretion of the Eligible
Shareholders of the Company. The Company does not accept any responsibility for the decision
of any Eligible Shareholder to either participate or to not participate in the Buyback. The
Company will not be responsible in any manner for any loss of share certificate(s) and other
documents during transit and the Eligible Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their
interest in this regard.
20.13. METHOD OF SETTLEMENT
Upon finalization of the basis of acceptance as per Buyback Regulations:
a) The settlement of trades shall be carried out in the manner similar to settlement of trades in the
secondary market.
b) The Company will pay the consideration to the Company’s Broker who will transfer the funds
pertaining to the Buyback to the Clearing Corporation’s Bank account as per the prescribed
schedule. The settlement of fund obligation for Demat Shares shall be affected as per the SEBI
circulars and as prescribed by BSE and Clearing Corporation from time to time. For Equity Shares
accepted under the Buyback, the Clearing Corporation’s will make direct funds payout to the
respective Shareholders. If the respective Shareholder’s bank account details are not available or
if the fund transfer instruction is rejected by RBI/Bank, due to any reason, then such funds will
be transferred to the concerned Seller Member’s settlement bank account for onward transfer
to such respective Shareholders.
c) In case of Eligible Shareholder where there are specific RBI and other regulatory requirements
pertaining to funds pay‐out, which do not opt to settle through custodians, the funds pay‐out
would be given to their respective Seller Members settlement bank account for onward transfer
to the Eligible Shareholders. For this purpose, the client type details would be collected from the
Registrar to the Buyback.
d) Details in respect of shareholder’s entitlement for tender offer process will be provided to the
Clearing Corporation by the Company or Registrar to the Buyback. On receipt of the same,
Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked shares in the demat account
of the shareholder. On Settlement date, all blocked shares mentioned in the accepted bid will be
transferred to the Clearing Corporation.
e) In the case of Inter Depository, Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted shares
in target depository. Source Depository will not be able to release the lien without a release of
IDT message from Target Depository. Further, release of IDT message shall be sent by target
Depository either based on cancellation request received from Clearing Corporation or
49

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
automatically generated after matching with Bid accepted detail as received from the Company
or the Registrar to the Buyback. Post receiving the IDT message from target Depository, source
Depository will cancel/release excess or unaccepted block shares in the demat account of the
shareholder. Post completion of tendering period and receiving the requisite details viz., demat
account details and accepted bid quantity, source depository shall debit the securities as per the
communication/message received from target Depository to the extent of accepted bid shares
from shareholder’s demat account and credit it to Clearing Corporation settlement account in
target Depository on settlement date.
f) Any excess physical Equity Shares pursuant to proportionate acceptance/rejection will be
returned to the Shareholders directly by Registrar to the Buyback. The Company is authorized to
split the share certificate and issue new consolidated share certificate for the unaccepted equity
shares in case the equity shares accepted by the Company are less than the equity shares
tendered in the Buyback by the equity shareholders holding equity shares in the physical form.
g) The Equity Shares bought back in the demat form would be transferred to the special demat
account of the Company (“Demat Escrow Account”) opened for the Buyback by the Manager.
h) Shareholders who intend to participate in the Buyback should consult their respective Seller
Member for payment to them of any cost, charges, and expenses (including brokerage) that may
be levied by the Seller Member upon the selling Shareholders for tendering Equity Shares in the
Buyback (secondary market transaction). The Buyback consideration received by the selling
Shareholders from their respective Seller Member, in respect of accepted Equity Shares, could
be net of such costs, charges and expenses (including brokerage) and the Company accepts no
responsibility to bear or pay such additional cost, charges and expenses (including brokerage)
incurred solely by the selling Shareholders.
i) The Seller Member would issue contract note & pay the consideration for the Equity Shares
accepted under the Buyback and will unblock the excess unaccepted Equity Shares. Company
Broker would also issue a contract note to the Company for the Equity Shares accepted under
the Buyback.
j) In case of certain shareholders viz., NRIs, non‐residents etc. (where there are specific regulatory
requirements pertaining to funds pay‐out including those prescribed by the RBI) who do not opt
to settle through custodians, the funds pay‐out would be given to their respective Shareholder
Broker’s settlement accounts for releasing the same to such shareholder’s account.
k) The Equity Shares lying to the credit of the Company Demat Account and the Equity Shares
bought back and accepted in physical form will be extinguished in the manner and following the
procedure prescribed in the Buyback Regulations.
21. NOTE ON TAXATION
Disclosures in this section are based on the opinion obtained by the Company from J.D. Zatakia &
Company , Chartered Accountants.
THE SUMMARY OF THE TAX CONSIDERATIONS IN THIS SECTION ARE BASED ON THE CURRENT
PROVISIONS OF THE TAX LAWS OF INDIA AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER, THE JUDICIAL
AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE INTERPRETATIONS THEREOF, WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR
MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATIVE, REGULATORY, ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL
DECISIONS. ANY SUCH CHANGES COULD HAVE DIFFERENT TAX IMPLICATIONS ON THESE TAX
CONSIDERATIONS.
50

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
THE COMPANY DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR OTHERWISE OF
THIS TAX SUMMARY AND THERE CAN BE NO LIABILITY ON THE COMPANY IF ANY ACTION IS TAKEN
BY THE SHAREHOLDER SOLELY BASED ON THIS TAX SUMMARY. THEREFORE, SHAREHOLDERS
CANNOT RELY ON THIS ADVICE AND THE SUMMARY TAX IMPLICATIONS RELATING TO THE
TREATMENT OF INCOME TAX IN THE CASE OF BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES LISTED ON THE STOCK
EXCHANGE SET OUT BELOW SHOULD BE TREATED AS INDICATIVE AND FOR GUIDANCE PURPOSES
ONLY.
IN VIEW OF THE PARTICULARIZED NATURE OF TAX CONSEQUENCES, SHAREHOLDERS ARE
REQUIRED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS FOR THE APPLICABLE TAX PROVISIONS INCLUDING
THE TREATMENT THAT MAY BE GIVEN BY THEIR RESPECTIVE TAX OFFICERS IN THEIR CASE, AND
THE APPROPRIATE COURSE OF ACTION THAT THEY SHOULD TAKE
General
The Indian tax year runs from April 1 to March 31. The basis of charge of Indian income‐tax depends
upon the residential status of the taxpayer during a tax year. A person who is a tax resident of India
is liable to taxation in India on his worldwide income, subject to certain prescribed tax exemptions
provided under the Income Tax Act 1961 (“ITA”).
A person who is treated as a non‐resident for Indian tax purposes is generally liable to tax in India
only on his/her Indian sourced income or income received by such person in India vide Finance Act,
2021, certain non‐resident individuals are deemed to be resident in India upon triggering of certain
conditions. Deemed residents would be liable to pay tax in India only on their Indian sourced
income. In case of shares of a Company, the source of income from shares would depend on the
‘situs’ of the shares. As per judicial precedents, generally the “situs” of the shares is where company
is “incorporated” and where its shares can be transferred. Accordingly, since the Company is
incorporated in India, the shares of the Company would be “situated” in India and any gains arising
to a non‐resident on transfer of such shares should be taxable in India under the ITA subject to any
specific exemption in this regard. Further, the non‐resident can avail the beneficial tax treatment
prescribed under the relevant Double Tax Avoidance Agreement (“DTAA”) as modified by the
Multilateral Instrument (“MLI”), if the same is applicable to the relevant DTAA between India and
the respective country of which the said non‐resident shareholder is tax resident subject to
satisfaction of the relevant conditions including non‐applicability of General Anti‐Avoidance Rule
(“GAAR”) and providing and maintaining necessary information and documents as prescribed under
the ITA as well as satisfying the relevant conditions under the respective DTAA including anti‐abuse
measures under the MLI, if applicable.
The summary of tax implications on Buyback of equity shares listed on the stock exchanges in India is
set out below. All references to equity shares in this note refer to equity shares listed on the stock
exchanges in India unless stated otherwise. The residential status of an assessee would be
determined in terms of Section 6 of the ITA.
Income Tax Provisions in respect of Buyback of Equity Shares listed on Recognized Stock Exchange
a. Finance Act, 2019 has amended Section 115QA to include Companies Listed on recognized stock
exchange within the ambit of Section 115QA. As per Section 115QA, listed companies making a
public announcement of Buyback of shares on or after 5th July 2019 are required to pay an
additional Tax @ 20%, plus Surcharge @ 12%, plus Health & Education Cess @4% on the
Distributed Income.
Distributed Income is defined under section 115QA to include Consideration paid by the
company on Buyback of Shares as reduced by the amount which was received by the company
on issue of such shares, determined in the manner specified in Rule 40BB.
51

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
b. The tax on the distributed income by the company shall be treated as the final payment of tax in
respect of the said income and no further credit therefor shall be claimed by the company or by
any other person in respect of the amount of tax so paid.
c. No deduction under any other provision of this Act shall be allowed to the company or a
shareholder in respect of the income which has been charged to tax.
d. As the said income has been charged to tax at company level, it shall be exempt in the hands of
shareholders under section 10(34A) of the ITA. Accordingly, income arising in the hands of the
shareholder (whether resident or non‐resident) on Buyback of equity shares shall be exempt
from tax in India irrespective of the characterization of the shares, i.e., whether long term or
short term or held as investment or stock‐in‐trade under sub‐clause (34A) of Section 10 of the
ITA. In case of Non Resident Shareholders, the same may be subject to tax in the country of
residence of the shareholder as per the provisions of the tax laws of that country. The credit of
tax may or may not be allowed to such non‐resident shareholder to be claimed in the country of
residence in respect of the Buyback tax paid by the company in view of Sec 115QA (4) and (5) of
the ITA. Non‐ resident shareholders need to consult their tax advisors with regard to availability
of such a tax credit.
Tax Deduction at Source (“TDS”)
Since there is no provision regarding the TDS in case of Buyback, company is not required to deduct
any tax at source on consideration payable to Resident Shareholders.
Further, given that the consequential income would be exempt from tax in the hands of
shareholders u/s 10(34A) of the ITA, the same would not be subject to TDS for Non‐Resident
Shareholders.
Caveat:
The summary of the tax considerations as above is based on the current provisions of the tax laws of
India, which are subject to change or modification by subsequent legislative, regulatory,
administrative or judicial decisions. Shareholders, who are non‐residents in India, in respect of tax
consequence (including capital gain tax, if any) in their state of residence, are required to consult
their tax advisors for the applicable tax and the appropriate course of action that they should take
considering the provisions of the relevant country or state tax law and provisions of DTAA where
applicable.
The above note on taxation sets out the provisions of law in a summary manner only and does not
purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax consequences of the disposal of
equity shares. This note is neither binding on any regulators nor can there be any assurance that
they will not take a position contrary to the comments mentioned herein. There can be no liability
on the company and auditor if any action is taken by the shareholder solely based on this tax
summary. Therefore, shareholders cannot rely on this advice and the summary tax implications
relating to the treatment of income tax in the case of Buyback of equity shares listed on the stock
exchange as set out above.
52

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
22. DECLARATION
22.1. Confirmations from Company as per the clause (ix) of Schedule I of SEBI Buyback Regulations, 2018
(as amended) (“Buyback Regulations”) and Act:
The Board of Directors of the Company confirm that there are no defaults subsisting in the
repayment of deposits accepted either before or after the commencement of the Act, interest
payment thereon, redemption of debentures or preference shares or payment of dividend to any
shareholder, or repayment of any term loan or interest payable thereon to any financial institution
or banking company.
The Board of Directors of the Company have confirmed that they have made a full enquiry into the
affairs and prospects of the Company and have formed the opinion:
a. That immediately following the date of the Board Meeting held on September 13,2021 and the
date on which the results of the shareholders’ resolution with regard to the proposed Buyback
are declared (the “Postal Ballot Resolution”), there will be no grounds on which the Company
can be found unable to pay its debts;
b. As regards the Company’s prospects for the year immediately following the date of the Board
Meeting held on September 13, 2021 as well as the year immediately following the date on
which the results of the shareholders’ resolution with regard to the proposed Buyback are
declared, approving the Buyback and having regards to the Board’s intention with respect to the
management of the Company’s business during that year and to the amount and character of
the financial resources, which will, in the Board’s view, be available to the Company during that
year, the Company will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due and will not be
rendered insolvent within a period of one year from the date of the Board meeting approving
the Buyback or within a period of one year from the date on which the results of the
shareholders’ resolution with regard to the proposed Buyback are declared, as the case may be;
c. In forming an opinion as aforesaid, the Board has taken into account the liabilities (including
prospective and contingent liabilities), as if the Company was being wound up under the
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956/2013/ Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 as
amended from time to time, as applicable.
This declaration is made and issued by the Board of Directors of the Company in terms of the
resolution passed at the meeting held on September 13, 2021.
23. AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE
The text of the Report dated September 13, 2021 of J.D. Zatakia & Co. the Statutory Auditors of the
Company, addressed to the Board of Directors of the Company is reproduced below:
QUOTE
The Board of Directors
Goldiam International limited
Gems & Jewellery Complex, SEEPZ,
MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai‐400096.
Auditors’ Report on Buy Back of Shares pursuant to the requirement of clause (xi) of Schedule I
(Regulation 5(iv)(b)) to Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations,
2018, as amended
53

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
1. This report is issued in accordance with Email dated August 31, 2021.
2. The Board of Directors of the Company have approved a proposed Buyback of equity shares by
the Company at its meeting held on September 13, 2021, in pursuance of the provisions of
Section 68, 69 and 70 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read with the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI Buyback
Regulations”).
3. We have been engaged by Goldiam International Limited (the “Company”) to perform a
reasonable assurance engagement on determination of the amount of permissible capital
payment as detailed in the accompanying Annexure I in connection with the proposed buy back
by the Company of its equity shares (“Buyback”) in pursuance of Section 68, 69 and 70 of the
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and The Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,
2014, to the extent applicable, and the ‘Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of
Securities) Regulations, 2018 and amendments thereto (the “Buyback Regulations”) and on the
opinions expressed by the Board of Directors of the Company, as required under the Buyback
Regulations. We have initialled the Annexure I for identification purposes only.
Management’s Responsibility for the Statement
4. The preparation of the Statement in accordance with Section 68(2)(c) of the Act and in
compliance with Section 68, 69 and 70 of the Act and SEBI Buyback Regulations, is the
responsibility of the Management of the Company, including the computation of the amount of
the permissible capital payment, the preparation and maintenance of all accounting and other
relevant supporting records and documents. This responsibility includes the design,
implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and
presentation of the Statement and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and making
estimates that are reasonable in the circumstances.
Auditor’s Responsibility
5. Pursuant to the requirement of the Buyback Regulations, it is our responsibility to obtain
reasonable assurance on the following “Reporting Criteria:
i. we have inquired into the state of affairs of the Company in relation to the audited
standalone financial statements and audited consolidated financial statements as at and for
the period ended March 31, 2021;
ii. the amount of permissible capital payment for the Buyback has been properly determined in
accordance with the provisions of Section 68 of the Act based on the audited financial
statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2021 (the “Audited Financial
Statements”);
iii. the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting dated September 13,2021 have
formed the opinion, as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 on reasonable grounds and that the
Company having regard to its state of affairs will not be rendered insolvent within a period of
one year from date of the Board Meeting.
6. A reasonable assurance engagement involves performing procedures to obtain sufficient
appropriate evidence on the Reporting Criteria. The procedures selected depend on the
auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks associated with the Reporting Criteria.
Within the scope of our work, we performed the following procedures:
i. Examined authorisation for Buyback from the Articles of Association of the Company;
54

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
ii. Examined that the amount of capital payment for the Buyback as detailed in Annexure I is
within the permissible limit computed in accordance with the provisions of Section 68 of the
Act;
iii. Examined that the ratio of the debt owned by the Company, if any, is not more than twice the
capital and its free reserves after such Buyback;
iv. Examined that all the shares for Buyback are fully paid‐up;
v. Inquired into the state of affairs of the Company with reference to the Audited Financial
Statements of the Company which has been prepared by the Management of the Company;
and examined budgets and projections prepared by the Management;
vi. Examined minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors;
vii. Examined Directors’ declarations for the purpose of Buyback and solvency of the Company;
7. We conducted our examination in accordance with the ‘Guidance Note on Reports or
Certificates for Special Purposes’ issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
8. The financial statements referred to in paragraph 6(v) above, have been audited by us on which
we issued an unmodified audit opinion vide our report dated May 25, 2021. Our audit of these
financial statements was conducted in accordance with the Standards on Auditing and other
applicable authoritative pronouncements issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of
India. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
Opinion
9. As a result of our performance of aforementioned procedures, we report that:
i. The amount of capital payment of ` 4560.00 lakhs for the shares in question, is within the
permissible capital payment of ` 5892.64 lakhs, as calculated in Annexure‐I based on the
Audited Financial Statements, which, in our opinion, is properly determined in accordance
with Section 68 of the Act, and
ii. The Board of Directors in their meeting held on September 13, 2021 has formed the opinion,
as specified in Clause (x) of Schedule I to the Regulations, on reasonable grounds and the
Company having regard to its state of affairs will not be rendered insolvent within a period of
one year from date of the Board Meeting for buyback.
Restriction on Use
10. Our work was performed solely to assist you in meeting your responsibilities with reference to
the Buyback Regulations. Our obligations in respect of this report are entirely separate from, and
our responsibility and liability is in no way changed by any other role we may have (or may have
had) as auditors of the Company or otherwise. Nothing in this report, nor anything said or done
in the course of or in connection with the services that are the subject of this report, will extend
any duty of care we may have in our capacity as auditors of the Company.
11. This report is addressed to and provided to the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to
the requirements of the Buyback Regulations solely to enable the Board of Directors of the
Company to include in the Public Announcement to be made to the shareholders of the
Company, which will be filed with (a) the Registrar of Companies as required by the Regulations
(b) the National Securities Depository Limited and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited
for the purpose of extinguishment of equity shares (c) the authorised dealer for the purpose of
capital payment (d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (e) BSE Limited and (f) National Stock
Exchange of India Limited and should not be used for any other purposes.
12. M/s. J.D. Zatakia & Co., Chartered Accountants does not accept or assume any liability or duty of
care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this report, or Public Announcement
55

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
which includes our report, is shown or into whose hands it may come save where expressly
agreed by our prior consent in writing.
For J.D. Zatakia & Company
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn. No.111777W)
Sd/‐
J.D. Zatakia
Proprietor
Membership Number: 17669
UDIN: 21017669AAAAFF3903
Place: Mumbai
Date: September 13, 2021
ANNEXURE I
Statement of determination of the permissible capital payment towards Buy back of Equity Shares
(“the Statement”) in accordance with Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013
Goldiam International Limited
(₹ In Lakhs)
Particulars as on March 31, 2021 Standalone Consolidated
Paid up Equity Share Capital
(2,21,74,923 shares of `10/‐ each fully 2217.49 2217.49
paid up)
Free Reserves:
Securities premium reserve ‐ ‐
General Reserves 2043.42 2043.42
Retained Earnings 19309.66 41089.31
Total Free Reserves 21353.08 43132.73
Total paid Up equity capital & free
reserves 23570.57 45350.22
Maximum amount permissible for
Buyback under section 68(2)(c) of the act
i.e. 25% of the total paid up capital and 5892.64 11337.56
free reserves with the shareholder’s
approval
Maximum amount permitted by Board
Resolution dated September 13, 2021,
approving buyback, subject to
shareholder approval based on audited 4560.00
financial statement for the year ended
March 31, 2021.
For Goldiam International Limited
Sd/‐
Rashesh Bhansali
Executive Chairman
Place: Mumbai
Date: September 13, 2021
UNQUOTE
56

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
24. DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection at the Registered Office of the
Company at Gems & Jewellery Complex, M.I.D.C., SEEPZ, Andheri (E), Mumbai ‐ 400 096 between
10.00 a.m. and 05.00 p.m. on all working days (Monday to Friday) during the offer period:
a) Certificate of Incorporation of the Company.
b) Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.
c) Annual reports of the Company for the last three financial years viz. March 31, 2021, 2020 and
2019 and the limited review financial results for the 3 months ended June 30, 2021.
d) Copy of resolution passed by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on September 13, 2021,
approving the proposal of the Buyback.
e) Copy of resolution passed by the Shareholders on October 13, 2021 approving the proposal of the
Buyback.
f) Certificate dated September 13, 2021 received from M/s. J.D. Zatakia & Company, the Statutory
Auditors of the Company, in terms of clause (xi) of to Schedule I of the Buyback Regulations.
g) Copy of Public Announcement dated October 14, 2021 published in the newspapers on October
18, 2021 regarding Buyback.
h) Copy of Declaration of Solvency and an affidavit verifying the same as per Form SH‐9 of the
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.
i) Certificate from M/s., J.D. Zatakia & Company Chartered Accountants, dated October 18, 2021,
certifying that the Company has made adequate financing arrangements for fulfilling the
obligations under the Buyback, in accordance with the Buyback Regulations.
j) Copy of Escrow Agreement dated September 27, 2021, between Axis Bank Limited, Goldiam
International Limited and Keynote Financial Services Limited.
k) SEBI comments vide letter dated November 11, 2021, issued in terms of the Buyback Regulations.
25. DETAILS OF THE COMPLIANCE OFFICER AND COMPANY INVESTOR RELATIONS
Name Pankaj Parkhiya
Designation Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Address Gems & Jewellery Complex, M.I.D.C., SEEPZ, Andheri (E), Mumbai ‐ 400 096
Email pankaj@goldiam.com
Contact 022‐28290396/28292397
In case of any clarifications or to address investor grievance, the Shareholders may contact the
Compliance Officer, from Monday to Friday between 10.00 am & 5.00 pm on all working days, at the
above mentioned address.
26. DETAILS OF THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE TO THE EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS
a) In case of any grievances relating to the Buyback (e.g. non‐receipt of the Buyback consideration,
share certificate, demat credit, etc.), the investor can approach the Compliance Officer of the
Manager to the Buyback and/ or Registrar to the Buyback and/ or Compliance Officer of the
Company for redressal.
b) If the Company makes any default in complying with the provisions of Section 68 of the
Companies Act or any rules made there‐under, for the purposes of clause (f) of sub‐section (2) of
Section 68 of the Companies Act, the Company or any officer of the Company who is in default
shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term and its limit, or with a fine and its limit or with
both in terms of the Companies Act, as the case may be.
57

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
c) The address of the concerned office of the Registrar of Companies is as follows:
Registrar Of Companies, Mumbai
100, Everest, Marine Drive,
Mumbai‐ 400002, Maharastra.
Tel No: +91 022‐22812627/22020295/22846954
Fax: +91 022‐22811977
27. DETAILS OF INVESTOR SERVICE CENTRE AND REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK
The Company has appointed Link Intime India Private Limited as the Registrar to the Buyback. Their
contact details are as under:
Link Intime India Private Limited
Unit : Goldiam International Limited – Buy Back
C101. 247 Park, LBS Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai‐ 400 083
Tel No: +91 22 4918 6200 ; Fax: +91 22 49186195; Website: www.linkintime.co.in
Email: goldiam.buyback2021@linkintime.co.in ; Contact Person: Sumeet Deshpande
SEBI Registration No.: INR000004058; Validity Period: Permanent, unless terminated;
CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368
In case of any query, the Shareholders may contact the Registrar to the Buyback, from Monday to
Friday between 10.00 am & 5.00 pm on all working days at the above mentioned address.
28. DETAILS OF THE MANAGER TO THE BUY BACK
The Company has appointed Keynote Financial Services Limited as Manager to the Buyback Offer.
Their details are as under :
Keynote Financial Services Limited
(Formerly Keynote Corporate Services Limited)
The Ruby, 9th Floor, Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (West), Mumbai – 400 028
Tel: +91 22 6826 6000‐3; E‐mail: mbd@keynoteindia.net
Website: www.keynoteindia.net; Contact Person: Shashank Pisat
SEBI Registration No.: INM 000003606
CIN: ‐ L67120MH1993PLC072407
58

GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
29. DECLARATION BY THE DIRECTORS REGARDING AUTHENTICITY OF THE INFORMATION IN THE
LETTER OF OFFER
In terms of Regulation 24(i)(a) of the Buyback Regulations, the Board of Directors of the Company
accept responsibility for all the information contained in this Letter of Offer and confirm that this
Letter of Offer contains true, factual and material information and does not contain any misleading
information. This Letter of Offer is issued under the authority of the Board and in terms of the
resolution passed by the Shareholders through postal ballot on October 13, 2021.
For and on behalf of Board of Directors of
M/s. Goldiam International Limited
Sd/- Sd/-
Sd/-
Rashesh Manhar Bhansali Anmol Rashesh Bhansali Pankaj Parkhiya
Executive Chairman Whole Time Director Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
DIN:00057931 DIN:07931599 ACS: 30395
Place: Mumbai
Date: November 12, 2021
Enclosures:
1.Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders
2.Form SH‐4 for physical shareholders
59

TENDER FORM
FORM OF ACCEPTANCE‐CUM‐ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
(FOR EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN DEMATERIALIZED FORM)
Bid Number: BUYBACK OPENS ON Friday, November 26, 2021
Date: BUYBACK CLOSES ON Thursday, December 09, 2021
For Registrar use
Inward No. Date Stamp
Status (please tick appropriate box)
Individual FII/FPI Insurance Co
Foreign Co NRI/OCB FVCI
Body Corporate Bank/FI Pension/PF
VCF Partnership/LLP Others (Specify)
India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box
Resident of
Resident in India
Non‐Resident in
_________
India
(Shareholder to fill
country of
To, residence)
Goldiam International Limited Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)
C/o. Link Intime India Private Limited
Portfolio Investment Scheme Foreign Investment Scheme
C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West),
Mumbai ‐ 400083
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Letter of Offer dated November 12, 2021, to Buy‐back up to 3,80,000 Equity Shares of Goldiam International Limited (the “Company”) at a price of ₹ 1200/‐
(Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred only) per Equity Share (“Buy‐back Offer Price”), payable in cash
1. I/We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated November 12, 2021) hereby tender / offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the Buy‐back Offer on
the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.
2. I / We authorize the Company to Buy‐back the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned below) and to issue instruction(s) to the Registrar to the Buy‐back Offer to
extinguish the Equity Shares.
3. I / We hereby warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me / us free from all liens, equitable interest, charges and
encumbrance.
4. I / We declare that there are no restraints / injunctions or other covenants of any nature which limits / restricts in any manner my / our right to tender Equity Shares
for Buyback and that I / We am / are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.
5. I / We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of documents and that the consideration will be paid as per the
Stock Exchange mechanism.
6. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Eligible Shareholder as per the provisions of Buyback Regulations and circulars
issued by SEBI.
7. I / We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.
8. I/We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give effect to my/our tender/offer and
agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made thereunder
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and the extant applicable foreign exchange regulations.
9. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buyback:
Particulars In Figures In Words
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record
Date (Wednesday, October 27, 2021)
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback
(Buyback Entitlement)
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback
(Including Additional Shares, if any)
Note: An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares validly tendered by any Eligible
Shareholder up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full extent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder
over and above the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with Paragraph 19 of the Letter of Offer. Equity Shares tendered by
any Eligible Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be considered for the
purpose of Acceptance.
10. I / We agree that the Clearing Corporation will cancel the excess or unaccepted blocked shares in the demat account of the shareholder.
Tear along this line
ACKNOWLEDGMENT SLIP: GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED – BUYBACK OFFER
(To be filled by the Eligible Shareholder) (Subject to verification)
DP ID Client ID
Received from Mr./Ms./Mrs.
Form of Acceptance‐cum‐Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In
(in words)
Figures)
Please quote Client ID No. &DP ID No. for all future correspondence Stamp of Stock Broker

11. Applicable for all Non‐Resident Shareholders only:
 I / We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback accordance with prevailing income tax laws in India. I / We also undertake
to indemnify the Company against any income tax liability on any income earned on such Buyback of shares by me / us
 I / We, being a Non‐Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities
including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (“FEMA Regulations”) and the rules and
regulations framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable, under
the FEMA Regulations and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India.
12. I / We undertake to execute any further documents and give any further assurances that may be required or expedient to give effect to my / our tender / offer and
agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the Companies Act, Buyback Regulations and any other
applicable laws.
13. I/ We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me / us on buyback of shares.
14. I / We also undertake to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non‐taxability of the proceeds arising on buyback of shares by the
Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever called for.
15. Non‐Resident Shareholders (including NRIs, OCBs, FPI, Foreign Nationals and FIIs) are requested to enclose a consent letter indicating the details of transfer i.e.
number of Equity Shares to be transferred, the name of the investee company whose shares are being transferred i.e. “Goldiam International Limited” and the
price at which the Equity Shares are being transferred i.e. “Price determined in accordance with the Buyback Regulations” duly signed by the shareholder or his/its
duly appointed agent and in the latter case, also enclose the power of attorney.
16. Details of Account with Depository Participant (DP):
Name of the Depository (tick whichever is applicable) NSDL CDSL
Name of the Depository Participant
DP ID No.
Client ID No. with the DP
14. Equity Shareholders Details:
Particulars First/Sole Holder Joint Holder 1 Joint Holder 2 Joint Holder 3
Full Name(s) Of the Holder
Signature(s)*
PAN
Address of the Sole/First Equity
Shareholder
Email ID of
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity Sole/First
Shareholder Equity
Shareholder
* Non‐individual shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign under valid authority. The relevant authorization should be enclosed with the application form
submitted.
INSTRUCTIONS
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Letter of Offer and this Tender Form
1. This Offer will open on Friday, November 26, 2021, and close on Thursday, December 09, 2021, .
2. Eligible Shareholders who desire to tender their Equity Shares under the Buyback would have to do so through their respective Selling Member by indicating the
details of equity shares they intend to tender under the Buyback offer.
3. Eligible Shareholders may submit their duly filled Tender Form to the office of Registrar to the Buyback (as mentioned in Paragraph 27 of the Letter of Offer) only
post placing the bid via the Seller Member.
4. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect but the process of getting the
successor company as the registered shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form should file a copy of the following documents: (i)
Approval from the appropriate authority for such merger; (ii) The scheme of merger; and (iii) The requisite form filed with MCA intimating the merger.
5. The Buyback shall be rejected for shareholders in case of receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents but non‐receipt of valid bid in the
exchange bidding system.
6. The shares in the Offer would be liable to be rejected if (i) the tenderer is not an Eligible Shareholder of the Company as on the Record date (ii) if there is a name
and PAN mismatch in the demat account of the Eligible Shareholder (iii) in the event of non‐receipt of the completed Tender Form and other documents from the
Eligible Shareholders who were holding shares in physical form as on the Record Date and have placed their bid in dematerialized form.
7. Eligible Shareholders to whom the Offer is made are free to tender shares to the extent of their entitlement in whole or in part or in excess of their entitlement, but
not exceeding their holding as on Record Date.
8. For the procedure to be followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering in the Buyback, please refer to paragraph 20 “Procedure for Tender/Offer and Settlement”
of the Letter of Offer.
9. All documents sent by Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk. Eligible Shareholders are advised to safeguard adequately their interests in this regard.
10. By agreeing to participate in the Buyback, the non‐resident Eligible Shareholders give the Company the authority to make, sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and
perform all applications to file regulatory reporting, if required, including FC‐TRS form, if necessary and undertake to provide assistance to the Company for such
regulatory reporting, if required by the Company.
11. Non‐Resident Shareholders must obtain all approvals required to tender the Equity Shares held by them in this Buyback (including without limitation the approval
from the RBI).
12. In case of non‐receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the Buyback by providing their application in
plain paper in writing signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name and address of the Eligible Shareholder(s), number of
Equity Shares held as on the Record Date, Client ID number, DP Name, DP ID, beneficiary account number and number of Equity Shares tendered for the
Buyback
13. The Tender Form and TRS is not required to be submitted to the Company, Manager or the Registrar. After the receipt of a valid bid in the exchange bidding
system, the Buyback shall be deemed to have been accepted for the Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in dematerialized form.
All capitalized items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT THE FOLLOWING
ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR CLIENT ID AND DP ID:
Investor Service Centre
Link Intime India Private Limited
Unit: Goldiam International Limited – Buy Back
C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083
Contact Person: Mr. Sumeet Deshpande; Tel: +91 22 4918 6200; E‐mail: goldiam.buyback2021@linkintime.co.in
Website: www.linkintime.co.in; SEBI Registration Number: INR000004058; CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368

FORM OF ACCEPTANCE‐CUM‐ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
(FOR EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING EQUITY SHARES IN PHYSICAL FORM)
Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are requested to refer to paragraph 20.12 of the Letter of Offer titled ‘Procedure to be followed by
registered shareholders holding equity shares in the physical form’, for details regarding permissibility of acceptance of Equity Shares held in physical form and for
details regarding the procedure for tendering, before submitting the Tender Form and Securities Transfer Form with respect to Equity Shares held in physical form.
Bid Number: BUYBACK OPENS ON Friday, November 26, 2021
Date: BUYBACK CLOSES ON Thursday, December 09, 2021
For Registrar use
Inward No. Date Stamp
Status (please tick appropriate box)
Individual FII/FPI Insurance Co
Foreign Co NRI/OCB FVCI
Body Corporate Bank/FI Pension/PF
VCF Partnership/LLP Others (Specify)
India Tax Residency Status: Please tick appropriate box
Resident of
Non‐Resident in
Resident in India (Shareholder to fill
India
country of
residence)
To,
Route of Investment (For NR Shareholders only)
Goldiam International Limited
C/o. Link Intime India Private Limited Portfolio Investment Scheme Foreign Investment Scheme
C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West),
Mumbai ‐ 400083
Dear Sirs,
Sub: Letter of Offer dated November 12, 2021, to Buy‐back up to 3,80,000 Equity Shares of Goldiam International Limited (the “Company”) at a price of ₹ 1200/‐
(Rupees One Thousand Two Hundred only) per Equity Share (“Buy‐back Offer Price”), payable in cash
I / We (having read and understood the Letter of Offer dated November 12, 2021, issued by the Company hereby tender / Offer my / our Equity Shares in response to the
Buyback on the terms and conditions set out below and in the Letter of Offer.
1. I/ We authorize the Company to Buyback the Equity Shares offered (as mentioned above) and to issue instruction(s) to extinguish the Equity Shares.
2. I/ We hereby warrant that the Equity Shares comprised in this Tender Offer are offered for Buyback by me/us free from all liens, equitable interest, charges and
encumbrance.
3. I/ We declare that there are no restraints/ injunctions or other covenants of any nature which limits/ restricts in any manner my/ our right to tender Equity Shares
for Buyback and that I/ We am/ are legally entitled to tender the Equity Shares for Buyback.
4. I / We agree that the consideration for the accepted Equity Shares will be paid to the Eligible Shareholder as per the provisions of Buyback Regulations and circulars
issued by SEBI.
5. I/ We agree that the Company is not obliged to accept any Equity Shares offered for Buyback where loss of share certificates has been notified to the Company.
6. I/ We agree that the Company will pay the Buyback Price only after due verification of the validity of the documents and that the consideration will be paid as per
the Stock Exchange mechanism.
7. I/ We agree to return to the Company any Buyback consideration that may be wrongfully received by me / us.
8. I/ We authorize the Company to split the Share Certificate and issue new consolidated Share Certificate for the unaccepted Equity shares in case the Equity Shares
accepted by the Company are less than the Equity Shares tendered in the Buyback.
9. I/We undertake to execute such further documents and give such further assurances that may be required for expedient to give effect to my/our tender/ offer and
agree to abide by any decision that may be taken by the Company to effect the Buyback in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, Buyback Regulations and any
other applicable laws.
10. Details of Equity Shares held and tendered / offered for Buyback:
Particulars In Figures In Words
Number of Equity Shares held as on Record Date
Date (Wednesday, October 27, 2021)
Number of Equity Shares Entitled for Buyback
(Buyback Entitlement)
Number of Equity Shares offered for Buyback
(including Additional Shares, if any)
Note: An Eligible Shareholder may tender Equity Shares over and above his / her Buyback Entitlement. Number of Equity Shares validly tendered by any Eligible Shareholder
up to the Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted to the full extent. The Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible Shareholder over and above the
Buyback Entitlement of such Eligible Shareholder shall be accepted in accordance with paragraph 19 of the Letter of Offer. Equity Shares tendered by any Eligible
Shareholder over and above the number of Equity Shares held by such Eligible Shareholder as on the Record Date shall not be considered for the purpose of Acceptance.
11. Details of Share Certificate(s) enclosed: Total No. of Share Certificates Submitted: .
Sr. No. Folio No. Share Certificate No. Distinctive No(s) No. of Shares
From To
Total
In case the number of folios and share certificates enclosed exceed 3 nos., Please attach a separate sheet giving details in the same format as above
‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐Tear along this line‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐
ACKNOWLEDGMENT SLIP: GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED – BUYBACK OFFER
(To be filled by the Equity Shareholder) (Subject to verification)
Folio No.
Received from Mr./ Ms./Mrs.
Form of Acceptance‐cum‐Acknowledgement, Original TRS along with:
No. of Equity Shares offered for Buyback (In figures) (in words)
Please quote Folio No. for all future correspondence Stamp of Broker

12. Details of the bank account of the sole or first Eligible Shareholder to be incorporated in the consideration warrant (to be mandatorily filled):
Name of the Bank Branch and City IFSC and MICR Code Account Number (indicate type of account)
13. Details of other Documents (Please √ as appropriate, if applicable) enclosed:
Power of Attorney Previous RBI approvals for acquiring the Equity Shares hereby tendered in the Buyback
Death Certificate Succession Certificate
Self‐attested copy of PAN Corporate authorizations
TRS Others (please specify)
14. Applicable for all Non‐resident shareholders
 I/We undertake to pay income taxes in India on any income arising on such Buyback and taxable in accordance with prevailing income tax laws in India within
7th day of the succeeding months in which the Shares are bought back by the Company. I/We also undertake to indemnify the Company against any income tax
liability on any income earned on such Buyback of shares by me/us.
 I / We, being a Non‐Resident Shareholder, agree to obtain and submit all necessary approvals, if any and to the extent required from the concerned authorities
including approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) under Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended (the “FEMA Regulations”) and the rules
and regulations framed there under, for tendering Equity Shares in the Buyback, and also undertake to comply with the reporting requirements, if applicable,
under the FEMA Regulations and any other rules, regulations and guidelines, in regard to remittance of funds outside India.
15. I/ We undertake to indemnify the Company if any tax demand is raised on the Company on account of gains arising to me / us on buyback of shares. I
/ We also undertake to provide the Company, the relevant details in respect of the taxability / non‐taxability of the proceeds arising on buyback of shares by the
Company, copy of tax return filed in India, evidence of the tax paid etc., whenever called for.
16. Equity Shareholders Details:
Particulars First/Sole Holder Joint Holder 1 Joint Holder 2 Joint Holder 3
Full Name(s) Of the Holder
Signature(s)*
PAN
Address of the Sole/First Equity Shareholder
Email ID of Sole/First
Telephone No. of Sole/First Equity Shareholder
Equity Shareholder
* Non‐individual shareholders must affix rubber stamp and sign. The relevant authorization should be enclosed with the application form submitted.
INSTRUCTIONS
This Tender Form has to be read along with the Letter of Offer and is subject to the terms and conditions mentioned in the Letter of Offer and this Tender Form
1. This Offer will open on Friday, November 26, 2021, and close on Thursday, December 09, 2021.
2. Eligible Shareholders who wish to tender their Equity Shares in response to this Buyback Offer should submit the following documents to their Selling Member (Seller
Broker), who in turn would deliver the said documents along with the Transaction Registration Slip (TRS) to the Registrar; the documents should be sent to the Registrar
only after the placement of a valid bid; non‐submission of the below mentioned documents directly to the Registrar shall result in the rejection of the tendered Equity
Shares: (i) The Tender Form duly signed (by all Equity Shareholders in case shares are in joint names) the same order in which they hold the shares. (ii) Original share
certificates (iii) Valid share transfer form(s) (SH‐4) duly filled and signed by the transferors (i.e. by all registered Shareholders in same order and as per the specimen
signatures registered with the Company/Registrar) and duly witnessed at the appropriate place authorizing the transfer in favor of the Company (iv) Self‐attested copy
of the Shareholder's PAN Card (v) Any other relevant documents such as (but not limited to): Duly attested Power of Attorney if any person other than the Equity
Shareholder has signed the relevant Tender Form, Notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate or probated will, as applicable, if the original
Shareholder has deceased, Necessary corporate authorizations, such as Board Resolutions etc., in case of companies. In addition to the above, if the address of the
Shareholder has undergone a change from the address registered in the Register of Members of the Company, the Shareholder would be required to submit a self‐
attested copy of address proof consisting of any one of the following documents: valid Aadhar Card, Voter Identity Card or Passport.
3. In case any registered entity that has merged with another entity and the merger has been approved and has come into effect but the process of getting the successor
company as the registered shareholder is still incomplete, then such entity along with the Tender Form file a copy of the following documents: (i) Approval from the
appropriate authority for such merger; (ii) the scheme of merger and (iii) the requisite form filed with MCA intimating the merger.
4. Eligible Shareholders whom the Buyback Offer is made are free to tender Equity Shares to the extent of their entitlement in whole or in part or in excess of their
entitlement, but not exceeding the number of Shares held by them as on Record Date.
5. All documents / remittances sent by or to Eligible Shareholders will be at their own risk and the Eligible Shareholders are advised to adequately safeguard their
interests in this regard.
6. In case of non‐receipt of the Letter of Offer, Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares may participate in the offer by providing their application in plain paper in
writing signed by all Eligible Shareholders (in case of joint holding), stating name, address, folio number, number of Equity Shares held, Equity Share certificate number,
number of Equity Shares tendered for the Buyback and the distinctive numbers thereof, enclosing the original Equity Share certificate(s), copy of Eligible Shareholder’s
PAN card(s) and executed share transfer form in favour of the Company. Eligible Shareholders must ensure that the Tender Form, along with the TRS and requisite
documents, reach the Registrar to the Buyback not later than Thursday, December 09, 2021, by 5:00 p.m. IST.
7. For procedure followed by Eligible Shareholders for tendering shares in the buyback offer, please refer to Paragraph 20 of the Letter of Offer.
8. All documents as mentioned above shall be enclosed with the valid Tender Form otherwise the shares will be liable for rejection. The shares shall be liable for rejection
on the following grounds amongst others: (a) If any other company share certificates are enclosed with the Tender Form instead of the share certificate of the
Company; (b) Non‐submission of Notarized copy of death certificate and succession certificate / probated/Will, as applicable in case any Eligible Shareholder has
deceased. (c) If the Eligible Shareholder(s) bid the shares but the Registrar does not receive the share certificate; or (d) In case the signature in the Tender Form and
Form SH‐4 doesn’t match as per the specimen signature recorded with Company / Registrar. (e) If necessary corporate authorizations under official stamp are not
accompanied with tender form (f) If the transmission of Equity Shares is not completed, and the Equity Shares are not in the name of the Eligible Shareholders (g) the
Form SH‐4 is not witnessed
9. The Equity Shares tendered in the buyback shall be rejected if (i) the Shareholder is not a Eligible Shareholder of the Company on the Record Date; or (ii) if there is a
name mismatch in the share certificate of the Shareholder; or (iii) where there exists any restraint order of a Court/ any other competent authority for transfer /
disposal/ sale; or (iv) or where the title to the Equity Shares is under dispute or otherwise not clear or where any other restraint subsists; or (v) the documents
mentioned in the Tender Form for Eligible Shareholders holding Equity Shares in physical form are not received by the Registrar on or before the close of business
hours of Thursday, December 09, 2021 by 5:00 p.m. IST.
10. By agreeing to participate in the Buy‐back the Non‐resident Shareholders give the Company the unconditional and irrevocable authority and power to make,
sign, execute, deliver, acknowledge and perform all applications to file regulatory reporting’s, if required, including FC‐TRS form, if necessary and undertake to
provide assistance to the Company for such regulatory reporting, if required by the Company.
11. Non‐Resident Shareholders must obtain all approvals required to tender the Equity Shares held by them in this Buyback (including without limitation the approval
from the RBI).
All capitalized items not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Letter of Offer.
‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐Tear along this line‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐‐
ALL FUTURE CORRESPONDENCE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS BUYBACK, IF ANY, SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO REGISTRAR TO THE BUYBACK AT THE FOLLOWING
ADDRESS QUOTING YOUR FOLIO NO:
Investor Service Centre
Link Intime India Private Limited
Unit: Goldiam International Limited – Buy Back
C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083
Contact Person: Mr. Sumeet Deshpande ; Tel: +91 22 4918 6200; E‐mail: goldiam.buyback2021@linkintime.co.in
Website: www.linkintime.co.in; SEBI Registration Number: INR000004058; CIN: U67190MH1999PTC118368

Form No. SH-4 - Securities Transfer Form
[Pursuant to Section 56 of the Companies Act, 2013 and sub-rule (1) of Rule 11 of the Companies
(Share Capital and Debentures) Rules 2014]
Date of execution: / /
FOR THE CONSIDERATION stated below the “Transferor(s)” named do hereby transfer to the “Transferee(s)” named the
securities specified below subject to the conditions on which the said securities are now held by the Transferor(s) and the
Transferee(s) do hereby agree to accept and hold the said securities subject to the conditions aforesaid.
CIN: L 3 6 9 1 2 M H 1 9 8 6 P L C 0 4 1 2 0 3
Name of the company (in full): GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Name of the Stock Exchange where the
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited
company is listed, (if any):
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
Nominal value of each unit of Amount called up Amount paid up per unit of
Kind/Class of securities (1)
security (2) Per unit of security (3) security (4)
Equity Share Rs. 10/- Rs. 10/- Rs. 10/-
No. of Securities being Transferred Consideration received (Rs.)
In Figures In words In words In Figures
Distinctive From
Number To
Corresponding
Certificate Nos.
Transferor’s Particulars
Registered Folio Number
Name(s) in full and PAN number (attach copy of pan card) Seller Signature(s)
1.
2.
3.
I hereby confirm that the transferor has signed before me.
Signature of the Witness :
Name of the Witness :
Address of the Witness :
Pin Code

Transferee’s Particulars
Name in full (1) Father’s/Mother’s /Spouse Name (2) Address & E-mail id (3)
GOLDIAM INTERNATIONAL LIMITED Not Applicable Gems & Jewellery Complex, MIDC,
SEEPZ, Andheri (East),
Mumbai - 400 096
Email: investorrelations@goldiam.com
Occupation (4) Existing Folio No., if any (5) Signature (6)
Business
Folio No. of Transferee Specimen Signature of Transferee(s)
1.
2.
Value of stamp affixed: Rs.
3.
Enclosures:
STAMPS
1. Certificate of shares or debentures or other securities
2. If no certificate is issued, Letter of allotment
3. Copy of PAN Card of all the Transferees (For all listed Cos.)
4. Others, Specify,______________________________________
For Office Use Only
Checked by
Signature Tallied by
Entered in the Register of Transfer on
vide Transfer no
Approval Date
Power of attorney / Probate / Death Certificate / Letter of Administration
Registered on at
No
On the reverse page of the certificate
Name of the Transferor Name of the Transferee No. of shares Date of Transfer
Signature of the authorized signatory