12th November, 2021
The Secretary Listing Department
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051
BSE Code: 500645 NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Sub: Press Release on Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for
the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2021
Please find enclosed a Press Release on Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial
Results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2021.
We request you to take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Deepak Fertilisers
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Ritesh Chaudhry
Company Secretary
Encl: as above.

Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Q2 FY2022 Results Update
Improved Business Performance Y-O-Y Despite Unprecedented Rise In Raw Material Prices
| Revenue Growth of +28% Y-O-Y |Net Profit Growth of +16% Y-O-Y|
Pune, India, November 12, 2021: Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited (BSE:
500645; NSE: DEEPAKFERT), one of India’s leading producers of industrial chemicals and fertilisers
(“DFPCL” or the “Company”), announces its results for quarter ending September 30, 2021.
Consolidated Financial Highlights
Q2 FY22 Revenues from Operations Q2 FY22 Operating EBITDA Q2 FY22 Net Profit
+28%
1,793 +10% +16%
212 93
1,404
193 81
Q2FY21 Q2FY22 Q2FY21 Q2FY22 Q2FY21 Q2FY22
• Adverse movement of key raw material prices in Q2 FY22 YoY (Ammonia▲ ~158%; Phos
Acid ▲ ~70%; RGP ▲ ~53%)
• Finance Cost reduced by 11.7% YoY driven by continuous reduction of short-term debts,
better working capital management and conversion of IFC FCCB tranche 1
• Net Debt further reduced by approximately Rs. 205 Cr in H1 FY22
• Net Debt / Equity of 0.53x as of 30th Sept 2021; improved from 0.65x (31st March 2021)
• Global Long-term Marquee Investors Join DFPCL via QIP
Chairman’s Message
Commenting on the performance, Mr. Sailesh C. Mehta, Chairman & Managing Director:
“We continued to deliver improved financial and operational performance during
the quarter despite prevailing higher input cost challenges. In October 2021, we
successfully raised Rs. 510 Cr through QIP from multiple long term marquee
investors. These investments are testament to the confidence of investors on our
operations and strategic direction.
During the Quarter:
1. With the easing of restrictions, reduction in covid cases and increased
industrial activity, the demand for all our products strengthened
2. We continued to work closely with our Mining Chemicals customers to demonstrate technical
capability and value benefits. Furthermore, we are leveraging advanced technologies like Drones &
AI-based blast modelling to improve productivity in the mines and infrastructure projects
Going Forward:
1. Our drive to move from commodity to speciality and end consumer focus continues, and is slated to
help improve margins along with establishment of strong brands
2. Fertilisers: With almost full reservoir levels across the country and relatively higher MSPs, the stage
is set for an even better Rabi season. Despite the sharp increase in key raw material prices y-o-y,
1 | Results Update: Q2 FY2022

Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Q2 FY2022 Results Update
our strategically directed efforts right from Crop Specific product to farmer-focused marketing drive
should benefit in expanding our market share and margins
3. Mining Chemicals: The Country is facing significant coal shortages and with improving economic
recovery, the demand for power and therefore coal is poised to increase, which is anticipated to
benefit our mining chemical business
4. Pharma / Speciality Chemicals: The nitric acid demand and prices are expected to remain strong in
Q3 owing to the diminishing availability of many down streams of Nitric Acid from China resultant
better realization
In addition, the new Ammonia Project at Taloja, which is located close to the consuming downstream
complex, is making good development on the ground and is progressing as per planned schedule.”
Chemicals Review
• Q2 FY22 Revenues increased by 39.4% to Rs. 988 Cr in Chemical segment comprising Mining
Chemicals and Pharma / Speciality Chemicals. Segment Profit increased from Rs. 109 Cr in Q2FY21
to Rs. 148 Cr in Q2 FY22
• Mining Chemicals:
o Typically, 2nd Quarter is a seasonally low period for mining chemicals due to monsoon also Q2
FY22 witnessed gradual resumption of economic activities
o AN Melt recorded highest-ever 2nd Quarter sales volume with a 74% y-o-y growth. HDAN sales
volume grew by 51% as supported by combination of fixed-price short-term agreements and
increasing prices of imported AN due to availability concerns from exporting countries
o The Company continued to innovate across Coal, Limestone/Metal Mines and Infrastructure
segments to demonstrate technical capability, value and cost benefits, coupled with security of
supply through advanced explosives
• Pharma / Speciality Chemicals:
o With the easing of restrictions, restart of the industries and increase in curbs on production by
Chinese Govt pushing up demand coupled with reduction in domestic supply resulted into much
improved realizatiion in spot market in all acids in Q2
o Despite good demand, IPA prices were depressed during the quarter due to plunge in feedstock
Acetone prices in NEA resulting in cheaper imports. IPA volumes increased by 32% y-o-y
o Witnessing good response for Cororid disinfection products from all the segments. Further
strengthened presence on Government e-Marketplace (GeM) portal and won one of the biggest
tenders for supply of Cororid Hand Sanitizers to Odisha State Medical Corporation (OSML)
Fertilisers Review
• Q2 FY22 Revenues grew by 15.8% to Rs. 802 Cr.
• Continuing the strategy of differentiation and farmer focussed marketing, the Company achieved
Smartek sales of 2.28 lakh MT in H1 FY22 which majorly focused on Kharif Crops like Cotton,
Sugarcane, Soyabean, Maize and Paddy
• Shortage of Muriate of Potash and unprecedented increase in prices across all the Raw Materials
resulted in lower than planned production of NPK fertilisers in Q2
• The Company continued to adopt digital means of working due to movement restriction in core
command area. As per the strategy of ‘seeing is believing’, the team conducted 10,000+ single
product demos and distribution of 1,25,00,000 5 kg samples on focus crops during H1
2 | Results Update: Q2 FY2022

Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Q2 FY2022 Results Update
Strategic Outlook
• With the positive outlook for the mining and infrastructure sector, focus on coal mining and the
opening of the coal segment to private operators, the Company is expected to be benefitted from
the increased TAN demand, a trend that is likely to sustain
• Curbs on production due to environmental concern owing to the ensuing winter olympics in Feb’22
by Chinese Government has pushed the demand and prices of most down streams of Acids upwards
• Many IPA producers in China are either operating at reduced load or under shut down. Meanwhile,
DGTR has recommended QR on IPA imports to support the domestic producers for survival
• The demand for Hand sanitizers and Disinfectant products likely to go up in the short term
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Additional Notes
DFPCL Overview:
Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd. (DFPCL) is among the India’s leading manufacturers
of industrial chemicals and fertilisers. With a strong presence in Technical Ammonium Nitrate (mining
chemicals), Industrial Chemicals and Crop Nutrition (fertilisers), the Company supports critical sectors of
the economy such as infrastructure, mining, chemicals, pharmaceutical and agriculture. DFPCL is a publicly
listed, multi-product Indian conglomerate and has plants located in four states, namely Maharashtra
(Taloja), Gujarat (Dahej), Andhra Pradesh (Srikakulam) and Haryana (Panipat). The facilities across different
states of India ensures its proximity to the key consumers.
The Company successfully raised Rs. 510 Crores through a Qualified Institutions Placement (“QIP”) of equity
shares in October 2021. Leading investors from India and the globe have participated in the issue which
includes Smallcap World Fund, Government Pension Fund Global, Axis Mutual Fund, Fidelity, Avendus and
Societe Generale among others.
Investor Relations / Media Contacts:
Deepak Balwani Girish Shah
Amitabh Bhargava
AVP – Investor Relations & Special EVP – Corporate Marketing &
President and CFO
Projects Corporate Communications
amitabh.bhargava@dfpcl.com
deepak.balwani@dfpcl.com girish.shah@dfpcl.com
+91 20 6645 8292
+91 98181 62214 +91 98195 99888
Rachitta Bahal Ashok Negi / Bijay Sharma
Ketchum Sampark Churchgate Partners
rachitta.bahal@ketchumsampark.com deepakfertilisers@churchgatepartners.com
+91 98229 11601 +91 22 6169 5988
Deepak Fertilisers And Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd.
Reg. Off and Corp. Off: Sai Hira, Survey No. 93, Mundhwa, Pune - 411 036
CIN: L24121MH1979PLC021360
www.dfpcl.com
Safe Harbour:
This document contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic
initiatives, and other statements relating Deepak Fertilisers and Petrochemicals Corporation limited’s (DFPCL) future business developments and economic performance.
While these forward looking statements are neither predictions nor guarantees of future events, circumstances or performance and are inherently subject to known
and unknown risks and uncertainties, are based on management belief as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management and only
indicate our assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors could cause
actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental
and regulatory trends, movements in currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial conditions of
third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and financial performance. DFPCL undertakes no obligation
to publicly revise any forward looking statements to reflect future / likely events or circumstances.
3 | Results Update: Q2 FY2022