SEPL/SE/May/22-23
May 30, 2022
The General Manager, The Manager,
Corporate Relations/Listing Listing Department
Department National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Floor 25, P.J. Towers, Bandra – Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code : 501423 Scrip Code : SHAILY
Sub : Outcome of Board Meeting held on May 30, 2022
Ref : Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015
Sir,
This is to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on
Monday , May 30, 2022, inter alia, transacted the following business:
1. Considered and approved the Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results
for the quarter and year ended on March 31, 2022.
2. Appointment of Mr. Samaresh Parida as an Independent Director of the Company,
effective from 30th May, 2022, subject to the approval of shareholders in the
forthcoming 42nd Annual General Meeting. Brief profile of Mr. Samaresh Parida is
annexed at Annexure – A.
3. Appointment of Mrs. Sangeeta Singh as an Independent Director of the Company,
effective from 30th May, 2022, subject to the approval of shareholders in the
forthcoming 42nd Annual General Meeting. Brief profile of Mrs. Sangeeta Singh is
annexed at Annexure – B
4. Appointment of Mr. Ashish Somani as a Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
effective from 30th May 2022. Brief profile of Mr. Ashish Somani is annexed at
Annexure – C.
5. Revision in remuneration of Mr. Amit Sanghvi, Managing Director, effective from
01st October, 2022, subject to approval of shareholders at the forthcoming
42nd Annual General Meeting of the Company.
6. Re-appointment of Mrs. Tilottama Sanghvi, Whole Time Director, effective from
01st February, 2023, subject to approval of shareholders at the forthcoming
42nd Annual General Meeting of the Company.

The Board Meeting commenced at 02:55 p.m. IST and concluded at 06:50 p.m. IST.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You.
Yours truly,
For Shaily Engineering Plastics Limited
Preeti Sheth
Asst. Company Secretary
ICSI M.No. A36624

Annexure – A
Brief profile of Mr. Samaresh Parida
Mr. Samaresh Parida is a professional with over three and a half decades of experience
in leadership roles in strategy, operations, finance, M&A, business turnaround in diverse
sectors and diverse geographies – India, USA, Latin America, Russia.
He currently runs a management consulting firm with clients in multiple sectors and in
multiple countries.
He is an Independent Director on the Board of IDBI Bank.
Mr. Samaresh has been a senior advisor to NABARD on a national level initiative in
micro finance sector with a footprint of over 100 million members.
He was an Executive Director in Vodafone looking after strategy and led all growth
initiatives, expansion into new markets, investments, spectrum auctions, m-commerce,
sales and distribution initiatives with annual sales of $7Bn and annual investment of
$2Bn.
Mr. Samaresh was also CFO and Finance Director for PepsiCo Inc, New York and led
their global strategic initiatives across all geographies. Prior to that, he led operations,
strategy, finance in India.
He was also the CFO for Toyota for their LCV business in India and a Management
Consultant with Andersen Consulting
Mr. Samaresh holds a PGDM from IIM -Ahmedabad, with additional qualifications as a
Chartered Accountant and a Cost Accountant.
Disclosure of relationship between Directors
Mr. Samaresh Parida is not related to any of the Directors of the Company

Annexure – B
Brief profile of Ms. Sangeeta Singh
Mrs. Sangeeta Singh has over 35 years of experience in Human Resources. She
holds a Master’s Degree in Behavioral Psychology from Mumbai University and a
certification in Strategic Human Resource Management from Harvard Business
School, Boston.
She currently holds Board positions with corporate and social organizations and
currently serving as an Independent Director with: Accelya Kale Solutions Ltd; Alkem
Laboratories Limited; S H Kelkar Limited; Laxmi Organic Industries Ltd; Keva
Fragrances Pvt Limited; Crystal Crop Protection Ltd; and a Director on the Advisory
Board for two not-for-profit organizations.
In the past, she was associated with big firms viz., KPMG, PwC, Ambit-RSM,
JW-Thompson in the role of Head of Human Resources. She is the owner of
Sanguine Consultants, a boutique consulting firm, focusing on consulting in
leadership building - assessment, development, measurement and individual
coaching.
Disclosure of relationship between Directors
Ms. Sangeeta Singh is no way related to any of the Directors of the Company.

Annexure – C
Brief profile of Mr. Ashish Somani
Mr. Ashish Somani is a qualified Chartered Accountant and a Law graduate having
over 18 years of experience in managing Accounts and finance functions in various
organizations like Philips Electronics India Ltd, Inox India Limited, Cooper
Automotive, Franklin Electric Incorporation. Over his tenure, as a Financial Controller
and a Chief Financial Officer, he has handled various projects pertaining to Accounts
Finalization & Statutory audit with Big 4 firms, Budget / Monthly Forecast, Statutory
Audit & Internal Control, Product Costing, Working Capital Management, Fund
Management via ECB and Share Capital, Commercial support to Purchase, Sales
and Planning Team, Implementation of SOP, Secretarial Compliances, MIS and
monitoring of ERP Navision System, Standard Costing, Monthly closing,
Tooling/Capex, Hyperion Financial Management Reporting, AOP/ Forecast and
Variance Analysis, Batch Costing, Transfer Pricing, Banking and MIS.
Implementation of SAP.
Disclosure of relationship with Directors
Mr. Ashish Somani is not related to any of the Directors of the Company.