Registered / Corporate Office :
4th Floor, BPK Star Tower, A.B. Road,
Indore - 452 008, (M.P.) India
Contact No. +91 731 4780400/490
z a Fax : +91 731 4780410
Associate
E-mail : info@aabl.in
Alcohols & Breweries Ltd.
CIN : L15520MP1989PLC049380
ASSOCIATED
KEDIA GROUP
Dreams Determination Dexterity
9" August 2022
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Corporate Relationship
Department
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy
Towers,
Bandra Kurla Complex
Dalal Street,
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 507526
Scrip Code: ASALCBR
Dear Sir/Madam,
\
Subject: Outcome of Board meeting held on 9" Au ust 2022 — Disclosure
under Regulation
30 of
the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations,
2015.
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations,
2015 (the "Listing Regulations"),
we hereby submit the outcome of the meeting of the Board of
Directors ("Board") of Associated
Alcohols & Breweries Limited ("AABL" or "the Company")
held on 9t
August 2022. Based on the recommendations
of the Audit Committee
and the Committee
of
Independent
Directors, the Board has considered
and approved a Scheme of Amalgamation
of AABL
with and into Mount Everest Breweries Limited ("MEBL") and their respective
Shareholders
and
creditors under Section 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the Companies
Act, 2013 and
rules framed thereunder
(the "Scheme').
The Scheme is subject to receipt of approvals of shareholders
and creditors of the Companies involved
and approval of other regulatory authorities as may be required, including BSE Limited, National Stock
Exchange of India Limited, Securities and Exchange Board of India and the National Company Law
Tribunal, Indore Bench (“NCLT”).
Please note that Transaction
Square LLP has acted as the advisor to this Scheme.
Please find Annexure 1 containing details in the prescribed format as per Regulation 30 of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations,
2015.
You are requested to kindly take note of the same and please also take suitable action for dissemination
of this information
through your website at the earliest. In Case you need any other information,
please
let us inform. Please note that the board meeting commenced
at 12:15 p.m. and concluded at 1:00 p.m.
Thanking you,
For Associated
Alcohols & Breweries Limited
Plant : Khodigram, Tehsil Barwaha, Distt. Knargone - 451 115 (M.P.)
“

ANNEXURE 1
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015:
S.No. Particulars Details
a) Name of the entity(ies) Pursuant to the Scheme of Amalgamation (“Scheme”),
forming part of the
Associated Alcohols & Breweries Limited (“AABL”) shall
amalgamation/merger,
amalgamate with and into Mount Everest Breweries Limited
(“MEBL”) with effect from the Appointed Date (i.e., 1-Apr-2022).
details in brief such as,
size, turnover, etc.
Set out below is the turnover and networth as on 30" June 2022
of the entities involved in the Scheme:
(INR Crore)
S.No. | Particulars Net worth Turnover
1 AABL 326.3 186.1
108.4
2 MEBL 190.7
b) Whether the transaction Basis General Circular No. 30/2014 dated 17-July-2014 issued
would fall within related by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), the proposed
party transactions? If yes, Scheme does not fall within the purview of related party
whether the same is done transactions since the same is subject to the sanction of the
at “arm’s length” National ‘Company Law Tribunal (“NCLT”) and hence, the
provisions of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not
attracted / applicable in the present case.
However, under applicable SEBI regulations, the proposed
Scheme will be a related party transaction. Further, the
consideration, as set forth in the Scheme, will be discharged on
an “arm’s length basis”.
The share exchange ratio for the shares to be allotted to the
shareholders of AABL by MEBL, is based on a valuation report
provided by Mr. Niranjan Kumar, Registered Valuer — Securities
or Financial Assets. Kunvarji Finstock Private Limited, a SEBI
registered Category-| Merchant Banker, has also issued a
fairness opinion, on the share exchange ratio. The
aforementioned Valuation Report and Fairness Opinion have
been duly considered by the Audit Committee, Committee of
Independent Directors & the Board of Directors of AABL.
AABL is enga ged in the business of manufacturing & trading of
Area of business of the
Rectified Spirit/Extra Neutral Alcohols (ENA), Indian Made
entity(ies);
Indian Liquor (Country Liquor), Indian Made Foreign Liquor and
by products. AABL is a listed entity (at BSE and NSE) having
registered office at Indore, Madhya Pradesh.

MEBL is eng aged in the business of manufacture and sale of
beers (own brand and third-party brands). MEBL is an unlisted
entity having registered office at Indore, Madhya Pradesh.
—-
d) Rationale for The Scheme of Amalgamation of AABL with and into MEBL
amalgamation: would, inter alia, have the following benefits:
(i) Consolidation of both product segment (i.e., Spirit and
Beer) into a single entity;
(ii) Pooling of resources, creating better synergies, optimal
utilization of resources and greater economies of scale;
(iii)
Creation of a larger asset and customer base;
(iv) Create enhanced shareholder value pursuant to
economies of scale and business efficiencies, which
would be in the best interest of all its shareholders,
creditors and all other stakeholders.
»
Following sh are exchange ratio has been determined for the
in case of cash
consideration — amount allotment of the equity shares of MEBL having a face value of
or otherwise share INR 10/- each to the shareholders of AABL as on the Record
Date (as per the Scheme), in consideration for the
exchange ratio:
amalgamation of AABL with and into MEBL:
“773 (Seven Hundred and Seventy-Three) equity shares of MEBL
having a face value of INR 10/- (Rupees Ten only) each fully paid-
up shall be issued for every 1,000 (One thousand) equity shares
held in AABL having a face value of INR 10/- (Rupees Ten only)
each fully paid-up”
Brief details of change in | The brief deta ils of the shareholding of the companies pre and
shareholding pattern (if post Scheme, as of 30" June 2022, are as follows:
any) of listed entity.
AABL
Category Before Schem e Post Scheme*
(as on 30" June 2022)
No. of % No. of %
Equity Equity
Shares Shares
Promoters| 1,05,66,440 | 58.45 - | :
Public | 75,12,760| 41.55 | - -
Total 1,80,79,200 | 100 | - } -
*AABL shall cease to exist u pon the effectiveness of the
Scheme as AABL shall be amalgamated with and into MEBL.
Scapa
For Associated Alcohols & Breweries Limited
Nr
a Bhandari
Whole Time Director OL
DIN: 03583114

Registered / Corporate Office :
4th Floor, BPK Star Tower, A.B. Road,
Indore - 452 008, (M.P.) India
Contact No. +91 731 4780400/490
Associated Fax : +91 731 4780410
Al h l & B e Ltd E-mail : info@aabl.in
at conols rewerles : CIN : L15520MP1989PLC049380
A IATED
KEDIA GROUP PRESS RELEASE
Dreams Determination Dexterity
Associated Alcohols & Breweries Limited gets Board approval to merge
with Mount Everest Breweries Limited
Indore, 9" August 2022: The Board of Directors of Associated Alcohols & Breweries Limited (‘AABL’)
at its meeting held today considered and approved a scheme of amalgamation of AABL with and into
Mount Everest Breweries Limited (MEBL), an Indore based entity, engaged inter-alia in manufacturing
and sale of beers under own brands and third party brands (‘merger or ‘scheme’).
\
With the proposed merger, AABL will be able to transition from a B2B Company to a B2C Company,
which would create an Alco-Beverage Supermarket entity housing Spirits and Beers together.
The scheme is now subject to the receipt of requisite approvals from statutory authorities and the
respective shareholders and creditors of both the companies. After completion of the said merger, the
merged entity will be a publicly listed company on National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE
Limited in India.
Upon completion of merger, the shareholders of AABL will receive 773 equity shares of MEBL for every
1,000 equity shares of AABL.
Speaking about the proposed merger, Mr. Anand Kedia, AABL’s Promoter said, “The proposed merger
would enable integration of AABL and MEBL’s business operations under a single entity umbrella which
will result inter-alia in operational efficiencies, revenue and cost synergies (arising out of customers
commonality), sales and supply chain opportunities through enhanced geographical reach with a wider
variety of product offerings (Spirit and Beers), which will help in gaining market share, optimization of
operational (including promotional) expenditure and simplification of overlapping infrastructure.”
Speaking about the proposed merger, Mr. Prasann Kedia, AABL’s Promoter said, “With deep
understanding of the Alcoholic Beverage market across various economic cycles, this merger helps in
realizing the potential of what AABL’s business can achieve by transitioning from B2B Company to B2C
Company by leveraging the distribution, manufacturing and customer base of MEBL. This merger is a
step in the right direction for value creation for all the stakeholders.”
Plant : Khodigram, Tehsil Barwaha, Distt. Khargone - 451 115 (M.P.)
“

Note:
The proposed amalgamation of the two companies is subject to receipt of requisite approvals from the
statutory authorities including Securities Exchange and Board of India, National Stock Exchange of India
Limited, BSE Limited, the National Company Law Tribunal (Indore Bench), and the respective shareholders
and creditors of AABL and MEBL.
KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF THE MERGER
> Creation of Alco-Beverage Supermarket entity housing both Spirits (from AABL) and Beers (from
MEBL), which will act as an enabler for future untapped growth opportunities.
> The merger of AABL with and into MEBL will enable consolidation of the business and operations
of AABL into MEBL, which complement the business of AABL and which will provide substantial
impetus to growth, reduce operational costs, increase operational efficiencies, manage working
capital and enable optimal utilization of various resources as a result of pooling of financial,
managerial and technical resources of both the companies, thereby significantly contributing to
business efficiency, future growth and maximizing shareholder value.
> Thecombination of AABL and MEBL is expected to achieve business synergies, given their relative
strengths in alcoholic beverages manufacturing, respective distribution footprints across India
and established brands. The combined entity will be well-positioned to meet the growing
consumer demand.
> With inclusion of MEBL, a well-established company in the beer industry, the merged entity is
expected to be able to better compete with the global players.
ABOUT ASSOCIATED ALCOHOLS & BREWERIES LIMITED (AABL):
AABL is one of the largest distillers in India with a state-of-the-art integrated alcoholic beverages
manufacturing facility located in Central India near Indore, Madhya Pradesh. The Company
manufactures premium Extra Neutral Alcohol (ENA)/ Rectified Spirit, IMIL (Country Liquor) and IMFL
(Indian Made Foreign Liquor). AABL has diversified business segments, from manufacturing and supply
of ENA to contract manufacturing for Diageo-USL, to manufacturing and marketing of licensed brands,
as well as IMIL and 6 IMFL brands.
ABOUT MOUNT EVEREST BREWERIES LIMITED (MEBL):
MEBL was incorporated in 1999. MEBL is engaged in manufacture and sale of beers, consisting of own
brands and third-party brands (contract manufacturing). MEBL’s own brands include Le Mount, Mount's
6000 and STOK. MEBL operates a brewery based out of Indore, Madhya Pradesh, with an
installed capacity of 10 lakh hectoliters (1.5 million cases per month).
Transaction Square LLP have acted as the transaction advisor to this transaction.