SEPL/SE/Nov/22-23
November 12, 2022
The General Manager, The Manager,
Corporate Relations/Listing Listing Department
Department National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Floor 25, P.J. Towers, Bandra – Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street, Bandra (E),
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code : 501423 Scrip Code : SHAILY
Sub : Outcome of Board Meeting held on November 12, 2022
Ref : Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015
Dear Sir/Ma’m,
This is to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on
Saturday, November 12, 2022, inter alia, transacted the following business:
a. Considered and approved the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results
for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2022.
b. Appointment of Ms. Dimple Mehta as a Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of
the Company, effective from 16th November 2022. Brief profile of Ms. Dimple Mehta is
annexed at Annexure – A.
The Board Meeting commenced at 11.40 a.m., IST and concluded at 3:00 p.m. IST.
Kindly take the same on record.
Thanking You.
Yours truly,
For Shaily Engineering Plastics Limited
Preeti Sheth
Asst. Company Secretary
ICSI M.No. A36624

Brief profile of Ms. Dimple Mehta
Ms. Dimple Mehta is a qualified Company Secretary and an MBA with dual Specialization,
Finance and Marketing, having over 10 years of experience in Secretarial and legal work
in various organizations like Diamines and Chemicals Limited, Jyoti Limited, BTW Atlanta
transformers India Private Limited and Ratnaveer Metals Limited.
Over her tenure, as a Company Secretary & Compliance officer, she has handled various
projects and her core functioning is in corporate laws, securities laws & capital market and
corporate governance. Chief advisor to the board of directors on best practices in
corporate governance. Responsible for all regulatory compliances of company. She is
responsible for the efficient administration of a company, particularly with regard to
ensuring compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements and for ensuring that
decisions of the board of directors are implemented.
Disclosure of relationship with Directors
Ms. Dimple Mehta is not related to any of the Directors of the Company.