`
24th March, 2023
The Secretary Listing Department
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051
BSE Code: 500645 NSE Code: DEEPAKFERT
Dear Sir/ Madam,
Sub: Outcome of Board Meeting:
In terms of provisions of Regulation 30 (read with Part A of Schedule III) and other
applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company at
its meeting held today i.e. 24th March, 2023, have noted/ approved the following:
1. Reappointment of Mr. S. C. Mehta as the Chairman and Managing Director of the
Company for a period of five years with effect from 1st April, 2023 subject to the
approval of the shareholders of the Company;
2. Resignation by Mr. Ritesh Chaudhry as the Company Secretary and Compliance
Officer of the Company w.e.f. 31st March, 2023; and
3. Appointment of Mr. Gaurav Munoli as the Company Secretary and Compliance
Officer of the Company w.e.f. 1st April, 2023.
Pursuant to the directions dated 14th June, 2018 of the SEBI to the Stock Exchanges and
based on the declaration received, we hereby inform that Mr. Mehta is not debarred from
holding the office of Director by virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other such
authority.
The details as required under Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular No.
CIR/CFD/ CMD/4/2015 dated 9th September, 2015, are given in “Annexure A”
attached to this letter.

`
The meeting commenced at 11:00 a.m. and concluded at 16.15 p.m.
We request you to take the same on your record.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Deepak Fertilisers
And Petrochemicals Corporation Limited
Ritesh Chaudhry
Company Secretary
Encl: as above.

Annexure A
Details as required under Regulation 30(6) read with Para A(7) of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations and
SEBI Circular No. CIR/CFD/CMD/4/2015 dated 9th September 2015:
Sr. Details of Events that Mr. Sailesh Mehta Mr. Ritesh Chaudhry Mr. Gaurav Munoli
No. need to be provided
1 Reason for change viz. Reappointment Mr. Ritesh Chaudhry, Mr. Gaurav Munoli,
appointment, Company Secretary & Assistant Company
resignation, cessation, Compliance Officer has Secretary is being
removal, death or resigned from the services of appointed as Company
otherwise the Company Secretary and
Compliance Officer of
the Company
2 Date of appointment/ Mr. Mehta has been 31st March, 2023 1st April, 2023
cessation (as reappointed as Chairman &
applicable) & term of Managing Director of the
appointment Company for a period of five
years with effect from 1st
April, 2023, subject to
approval of the shareholders
of the Company

3 Brief profile (in case of Mr. Sailesh C. Mehta is an Not applicable Mr. Gaurav Munoli is a
appointment) Industrialist with rich member of the Institute
business and management of Company Secretaries
experience. He is a B. Com of India and a
graduate and MBA from Commerce and Law
USA. graduate. He has around
13 years of post-
qualification experience
Mr. Sailesh. C. Mehta, in his in the field of secretarial
position as Managing compliances, listing
Director of the Company has compliances and
shown an exemplary Mergers and
leadership in steering and acquisitions. Before
guiding the Company and joining Deepak
its material subsidiaries from Fertilisers, he has
strength to strength, worked with many
mentoring the senior renowned organisations
management in the group, like Jyothy Laboratories,
providing directions to Britannia Industries
various strategic initiatives Limited and JSW Steel
of the Company / group and Limited.
has also been responsible for
the excellent performance of
the Company on various
parameters like revenue,
profit, shareholder value etc.

Under the leadership of Mr.
Mehta, the company has
emerged as one of the
world’s top five
manufacturers of Technical
Ammonium Nitrate, Asia’s
leading manufacturer of
Nitric Acid and a domestic
market leader in specialty
fertilisers and crop nutrients.
He also led the company to
become one of the largest
producers of Iso-Propyl
Alcohol (IPA), Ammonium
Nitro Phosphate and
Bentonite Sulphur and has
been instrumental in
launching its first
indigenously manufactured
water-soluble fertiliser.
4 Disclosure of Mrs. Parul Mehta, Non- Not applicable Not applicable
relationships between executive Director of the
directors (in case of

appointment of a Company is spouse of
director) Mr. Mehta.