May 20, 2023
To, To,
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Mumbai- 400 001. Mumbai- 400 051.
Scrip Code: 526729 Scrip Code: GOLDIAM EQ
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Press Release in respect of Audited Financial Results for the quarter and year ended
March 31, 2023
Enclosed herewith please find the Press Release on the Performance of the Company for the quarter
and year ended March 31, 2023.
The aforesaid Press Release will also be uploaded on the website of the Company i.e.
www.goldiam.com
Kindly take the above on record and oblige.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Goldiam International Limited
Pankaj Parkhiya
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Registered Office
Gems & Jewellery Complex, Santacruz Electronics Export Processing Zone, Andheri (East), Mumbai‐400096. India
Phones: (022) 28291893/28290396/28292397 Fax : (022) 28292885 Email:‐ investorrelations@goldiam.com
Website: www.goldiam.com

PRESS RELEASE
Goldiam International reports FY23 results
Margins remain intact despite economic headwinds
 Even as record high Inflation in the USA bites discretionary spending, Goldiam’s efficient raw
material procurement, omni‐channel strategy, and focus on lab grown diamonds
strengthened EBITDA margins for FY23.
 Maintains consistency in distribution of profits in FY23 despite volatile environment,
distributed dividend of ₹ 217.95 Mn for FY23 and proposes share Buy Back of ₹ 326.92 mn
Mumbai, May 20, 2023: Goldiam International Ltd. (Goldiam), an integrated manufacturer and
supplier of fine diamond jewellery to leading retailers and wholesalers in the USA, has announced its
results for the financial year ended March 2023.
FY23 key highlights
Goldiam’s FY23 revenue declined by 22% Y‐o‐Y basis. The decline in revenue was on account of
economic headwinds in Goldiam’s largest market – USA. Record high inflation, coupled with higher
interest rates leading to multifold increases in mortgage payments & a squeeze on discretionary
spending among mid‐income segments in the US. Accordingly, the reduction in discretionary spend
affected sales of fine jewellery in FY23 in the US, resulting in a year of destocking and revenue
headwinds. Goldiam partnered with key retailers in inventory realignment exercise by running
strategic discount programs. This impacted margins during Q4FY23.
Despite the decline in revenue, the company’s FY23 EBITDA margin remained healthy, growing to
22.5%.
Company‐led strategic initiatives leading to margin sustainability
Goldiam was early to respond to the demand headwinds and reworked its strategies to minimise any
major impact on the operations. The Company’s strategy of sourcing natural diamonds strategically,
and the increased focus on Lab‐grown diamonds and omnichannel business model protected the
company’s Gross margins for FY23 at 36% as against 31% in FY22.
The Company laid additional focus on online deliveries which also aided us in quick working capital
days turnaround, with advantages of our rapid delivery allowing us to be competitively intense in this
category. Our strong delivery mechanism resulted into 100% fulfilment of its On‐Time Delivery within
7 days for its e‐com orders.
Lab‐Grown Diamond Jewelry sales have also sizably aided in enhancing our Company’s overall profile
as an integrated jewelry source amongst large retailers. We are seeing increasing traction in & demand
transition to this category, with FY24 slated to be a year of special significance due to strong consumer
adoption. While this category has faced some price erosion in FY23, we believe this has bottomed out
as on date, with Goldiam being well placed to ride growth due to its integrated nature of operations.

Distribution of Profits to Shareholders, as per Policy ‐
Such efforts have further helped the Company in distributing the profits among its shareholders even
during such a volatile period. The Company for FY23 has already distributed dividends to the tune of
₹217.95 mn and has now proposed a buyback of ₹326.92 mn., up to 2% of the equity of the company
to be bought back. The company’s current consolidated liquidity position (cash + Investments) stands
at approx. ₹2568.13 million, sizably growing in the year.
Financial Highlights (Consolidated) – Q4 & FY23
Particulars (₹ in Mn) Q4FY23 Q4FY22 YoY% FY23 FY22 YoY%
Revenue 1349 1585 ‐15% 5543 7124 ‐22%
EBITDA 226 337 ‐33% 1250 1547 ‐19%
EBITDA margin 16.7% 21.3% (456 bps) 22.5% 21.7% 83 bps
PAT 162 228 ‐29% 852 1060 ‐20%
Consolidated Revenue during FY23 stood at ₹5,543 mn, which was lower by 22.3% YoY. This was due
to the unavoidable impact of high inflationary conditions in the USA. The Company's Lab‐grown
offerings, continue to grow traction. Share of Lab grown jewellery in overall mix stands at 23% in FY23.
Commenting on the FY23 results, Mr. Rashesh Bhansali, Executive Chairman of Goldiam
International, said, "When we began FY23, the path was waning towards uncharted territory. There
were many headwinds to begin with the likes of Record‐breaking Inflation, higher interest rates and
coupled with geopolitical disturbances which impacted the global supply chain. Even though the
situation hasn’t completely stabilised, some green shoots are visible in the offing. We draw parlance
from the Black Friday sales this year which spares us some optimism going ahead in the upcoming
festive season, with current open orders of close to ₹1000 million.
We remain completely vigilant about the situation and thus keep on pivoting at our operations and
offerings level. We worked closely with our large retailers and offered tactical discounts for better
inventory management, which in turn aided the company’s revenue. We remained focused on Lab‐
grown diamonds and are witnessing surprising & rapid consumer adoption and shift in spend to this
category. The company also took an opportunity to improve its online/e‐com offerings which are very
lucrative on the working capital front. These all‐combined efforts helped the company in protecting
the margins and keeping its balance sheet healthy. As a result, the company was able to distribute its
profits among the shareholder seamlessly and consistently despite the volatile environment.
Goldiam is on a transformational journey. The company's focus is to transition further into lab‐grown
diamond and e‐commerce spaces which are healthier and more profitable business models, with
consumer tailwinds. We remain buoyant on journey of Lab‐grown jewellery as it becoming more
popular among young customers, and the management is evaluating various omnichannel strategies
to make an early breakthrough in the domestic market."
About Goldiam International
Goldiam International Limited (NSE: GOLDIAM, BSE: 526729) is a 3‐decade‐old preferred OEM partner
and exporter of exquisitely designed and luxurious diamond jewellery. Functioning as the
manufacturer of choice to many of the leading global branded retailers, departmental stores and
wholesalers across American markets, the Company is also renowned for utilising responsibly sourced
diamonds, leveraging cutting‐edge technologies and efficient manufacturing processes for optimal

costings and quick delivery lead times. Targeting the mid‐to‐affordable diamond & bridal jewellery
segments, Goldiam has a dedicated sales office in New York, with design teams in both India and the
USA.
Forward‐Looking Statement:
Certain statements in this document may be forward‐looking statements. Such forward‐looking statements are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties like regulatory changes, local political or economic developments, technological risks, and
many other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward‐
looking statements. Goldiam International Limited will not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on such
statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward‐looking statements to reflect subsequent events
or circumstances.
For more information, please contact
Pankaj Parkhiya Mehul Mehta
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer CEO
Goldiam International Dissero Consulting
pankaj@goldiam.com Dissero_Clients@dissero.co.in