August 8, 2023
To, To,
BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Mumbai- 400 001. Mumbai- 400 051.
Scrip Code: 526729 Scrip Code: GOLDIAM EQ
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: Press Release in respect of Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended June 30,
2023
Enclosed herewith please find the Press Release on the Performance of the Company for the quarter
ended June 30, 2023.
The aforesaid Press Release will also be uploaded on the website of the Company i.e.
www.goldiam.com
Kindly take the above on record and oblige.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
For Goldiam International Limited
Pankaj Parkhiya
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Registered Office
Gems & Jewellery Complex, Santacruz Electronics Export Processing Zone, Andheri (East), Mumbai‐400096. India
Phones: (022) 28291893/28290396/28292397 Fax : (022) 28292885 Email:‐ investorrelations@goldiam.com
Website: www.goldiam.com

PRESS RELEASE
Goldiam International reports Q1 FY24 results.
Strategic decisions paying off with a better future outlook.
 Lab‐grown diamond jewellery contribution increases
 Taps into newer geography with an order win of ₹ 30 crore
Mumbai, August 08, 2023: Goldiam International Ltd. (Goldiam), an integrated manufacturer and
supplier of fine diamond jewellery to leading retailers and wholesalers in the USA, has announced its
results for the first quarter ended on June 30, 2023.
Q1 FY24 key highlights
Goldiam’s Q1 FY24 consolidated revenue declined by 14% Y‐o‐Y basis and 10% q‐o‐q basis. The decline
in revenue was due to continued economic headwinds in the USA, Goldiam’s largest market. High
inflation, high interest rate regime continued to impact discretionary spending among mid‐income
segments in the US during the quarter.
Despite the decline in revenue, the company’s Q1 FY24 EBITDA increased by 6% QoQ; margins too at
19.64% showed a remarkable improvement of almost 300 basis points over the immediately preceding
quarter, i.e. Q4FY23.
Improving revenue contribution from Lab Grown Diamonds Jewellery
During the first quarter of FY24, Lab Grown Diamonds Jewellery’s contribution to the revenue mix
improved to 33% compared to 19% in Q1 FY23. This shows the increasing traction in favour of lab
grown diamonds, specifically in the world’s largest diamond jewellery markets. Lab grown diamond
jewellery now constitutes a significant part of Goldiam’s offering and its contribution is likely to grow
over a period of time. This augers well the company’s overall strategy to lead from the front on the
innovation front in its key markets as well as protect and grow margins.
Omnichannel sales strategy gaining traction
Over the last few quarters, Goldiam has been focusing on online sales delivery, which helps the
company in quick working capital days turnaround. During Q1 FY24, we continue to deliver within 7
days for its e‐com orders. Revenue through online sales channel improved to 28% during Q1 FY24
compared to 18% during Q1 FY23.
New order win from new geography.
While the USA is the largest market for Goldiam and will continue to remain one, the company has
been successfully taping newer geographies for its custom designed jewelleries. During the quarter,
Goldiam managed to tap into the Middle‐East with an order worth ₹ 30 crore to be executed with six
months. With that, the order book position as on June 30, 2023 stands at about ₹ 110 crore.

Update on share buyback
On May 20, 2023 and July 5, 2023, the Board of Directors and shareholders respectively approved the
buyback up to 21,79,493 equity shares of ₹ 2 each (being 2% of the total number of equity shares in
the paid‐up equity capital of our Company) from the shareholders of the Company on a proportionate
basis by way of a tender offer at a price of ₹150 per equity share for an aggregate amount not
exceeding ₹3269.24 lakhs, in accordance with the provisions contained in the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Buy‐back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 and the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made
thereunder.
Further the Buyback offer was opened on July 27, 2023 and closed on August 2, 2023.
Appointment of Managing Director
In the board meeting held today, Mr. Anmol Bhansali, currently Executive Director, has been
appointed as the Managing Director, effective from August 9, 2023.
Commenting on the Q1 FY24 results, Mr. Rashesh Bhansali, Executive Chairman of Goldiam
International, said, "During Q1 FY24, Goldiam managed to arrest the decline in revenue. Our entire
efforts during the quarter were towards managing inventory position efficiently, stabilize the revenue
and protecting the margins. As a result, the EBITDA margin in Q1 improved noticeably over Q4 of the
previous financial year. Overall, while the discretionary spending in the USA is yet to fully rebound,
the upcoming festive season is likely to bring back the demand. On the inventory front, it must be
noted that almost 74% of our inventory is with our customers as finished goods to be sold every
month, establishing the veracity of the inventory and its value.
In an another exciting development, Goldiam, for the first time managed to open a new geography in
the Middle‐East. With an order win of ₹ 30 crore, we are set to explore the new market further with
a strong footing.”
About Goldiam International
Goldiam International Limited (NSE: GOLDIAM, BSE: 526729) is a 3‐decade‐old preferred OEM partner
and exporter of exquisitely designed and luxurious diamond jewellery. Functioning as the
manufacturer of choice to many of the leading global branded retailers, departmental stores and
wholesalers across American markets, the Company is also renowned for utilising responsibly sourced
diamonds, leveraging cutting‐edge technologies and efficient manufacturing processes for optimal
costings and quick delivery lead times. Targeting the mid‐to‐affordable diamond & bridal jewellery
segments, Goldiam has a dedicated sales office in New York, with design teams in both India and the
USA.

Forward‐Looking Statement:
Certain statements in this document may be forward‐looking statements. Such forward‐looking statements are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties like regulatory changes, local political or economic developments, technological risks, and
many other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward‐
looking statements. Goldiam International Limited will not be in any way responsible for any action taken based on such
statements and undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward‐looking statements to reflect subsequent events
or circumstances.
For more information, please contact
Pankaj Parkhiya Mehul Mehta
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer CEO
Goldiam International Dissero Consulting
pankaj@goldiam.com Dissero_Clients@dissero.co.in